wants to take a trip through Tunisia, Egypt, Greece, Turkey, Lebanon, Israel, Jordan, Bhutan, Kazakhstan, Xinjiang (China), Mongolia, and end up in Shanghai to see old friends and maybe throw in Hainan for some beachy fun...ok magic travel fairy do your t

wonders how I keep getting convinced to make cupcakes...making mini vegan version of my bombay elvis cupcakes and trying out a mini red velvet and cream cheese with cabernet some how mixed in...I'll figure it out

can only take so much shopping, drinking, going out to dinners, hanging out,playing with babies, and flying to random cities...hurry up half marathon, as soon as you're over I get to do some real travel...

has been watching a ton of disney movies instead of getting anything done...on that note, Aladdin is still my favorite in terms of songs and I <3 how all the female characters are so headstrong

is becoming sentimental as I work on the notes for my novel..."if you're friends with __ you must either be gorgeous or brilliant and from our conversation I must say it's both."

is excited for an old fashion cocktail party tonight, time to pull out my old fave, vodka gimlets, throw on some pearls and channel *PROPNAME* to go with the short hair.

went on a 5 hour trek from my apartment in North Beach along the water front, over the Golden Gate Bridge to Marin and back again...needless to say I'm resting tonight

Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name using their search engine. Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment.

sometimes I can't believe this is my life :)...tomorrow I'm exploring my neighborhood, North Beach, anyone want to join me for breakfast at Mama's at Washington Square Park?

had everything go wrong for dinner tonight but ended up exactly where I needed to be for yet another job prospect even though I wasn't looking for one.

just turned down a series of paid ads for 944 and a Motocross ad all because I won't be around for February...lol, but what a nice ego boost

You do not merely want to be considered just the best of the best. You want to be considered the only ones who do what you do

opened up a bottle of cava because I wanted a mimosa with my dinner...now I just realized I kind of have to finish the bottle myself...uh oh

s landlord brought someone to do work on my apartment and he totally recognized my place from tv...lol, I guess that's more of my 15 minutes...<3

is creeped out...the owner of a new restaurant by my office offered me lunch and then followed me into Walgreens while I was running errands.

wonders if it's a better idea to stay home and not celebrate Hemingway's birthday with free absinthe drinks since I think I'm getting sick :(

might have to trade in bastille day celebrations for a nice quiet night in my apartment...if anyone wants to hang tonight let me know.

just wants to bake yummy treats, write, learn languages, travel, organize philanthropical events, and debate philosophy over bottles of wine...that is my ideal life.

ran, did hill work, yoga, juiced, made an egg white and spinach omelette, and payed my bills...love getting so much done before work :)

spent all weekend looking for flats but ended up buying three pairs of hot looking heels...I really, really tried this time :(

taking this from my brother's status:  If a con is the opposite of pro... does that make congress the opposite of progress?

is switching back to my 510 phone number and dropping the 415, send me a note if you don't have the number.

wants to watch *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* minus the *PROPNAME* portion...what a way to satisfy both the francophile and foodie in me

is wondering if I have enough room in my passport for this trip...do I have enough time to get pages added?

is sad the wood furniture making class is full...small business, voice, and either beginning principles of fashion design or beginning theatre?

alright doppleganger, I used to get the most random ones...but I think *PROPNAME* was the only one that made some sense.

wonders, if we only surround ourselves with good people does that mean we lose the opportunity to understand the negative?

just booked tickets to New York October 29th thru Nov 3rd, who wants to join me for Halloween in NYC?

had a dream last night that I was opening up a shop and booking a last minute trip to shanghai

is super stoked to be THAT much closer to getting to volunteer at one of my fave nonprofits in SF!!!!!

running in the rain then making my "red wine and cheese pairing" cupcake and working on a business outline

is tempted to skip my voice class today, go home, and make myself some udon or soon tofu stew

Tell             me and I'll forget,            show me and I may remember, involve me and I will understand. -- Confucius

is thinking a trip to Shanghai is long over due...lil' Shanghai is all growns up since I left it!

really wants to take French and Arabic but then I really won't have any free time in the fall

anyone want to sublease my pretty North Beach studio so I can spend the rest of my life traveling?

packing, packing, packing...trying to fit everything for a month long trip into a tiny carry-on...can I do it?

is having yummy food tomorrow instead of voice class...I'll probably pay for this once midterm recitals come around...

would rather have too many dreams and reach half of them then not enough dreams to reach for.

just needs to keep reminding myself it's only for one more month...I so need a relaxing run tonight

stupid t-mobile commercial being filmed in SF today...totally reminding me how much I miss jumping out of planes.

no matter how long I've been out of high school I'll always fall victim to the Mission "curse"

kind of likes getting up early and getting more done in my morning than I would otherwise

wishes someone else would take my next profile picture, I feel they're all looking the same now.

<3's united's frequent flyer miles sale...I have enough miles to fly anywhere except Australia...hmm, where to go?

has the Camino De Santiago on my mind again...the effects of receiving emails from my Spaniard friends.

made my bombay elvis cupcakes(chocolate curry and banana cupcakes with peanut butter frosting) and chocolate bacon cupcakes

is excited to have convinced just about everyone in the office to go to happy hour tonight!

just made vegan cayenne cupcakes filled with salted caramel sauce and drizzled with lavender icing...from scratch!

is finishing up my last day at work...I'm going to miss my lil' SF AOL family