Goals for the next 11 months: (1) Rock the fuck out of the LSAT (2) Run under 3 in the marathon (3) Get into a baller law school (4) Buy a BMW Z4 (5) Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia anyone???

This year, and especially fall has definitely established a theme for itself. Seriously Higher Being, watching a dark comedy may be fun for you, but I can assure you that living it is an entirely opposite experience.

"We Americans think you have to accomplish everything quickly. We're the country of thirty-minute lunches and two-minute football drill...[we need to] slow down and make building relationships as important as building projects."  --*PROPNAME*

"Sit back and curiously observe the ride. You're not going to enjoy it, but it is going to take you somewhere." --Me under the inspiration of some lost muse.

Had a ridiculous time in Holland with his boys *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Now he needs some shoes, some finances and a hike up the highest mountain in Poland.

38 miles last week, more this week, lifting despite the soar screeches on my muscles. My body hates me right now...

"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." --Buddha

Found a feather sticking out of his Wendy's chicken nugget....at least now we know it's made from a bird right?

It might be time for one last great adventure, a minimum 13 hour plane ride away.

"Oh my God dude, doing 5 tomorrow is going to feel like sex!" --*PROPNAME*

Driving to nowhere. Accompanied only by the pitter-patters of rain on my windshield.

I guess there's still some hope. A stranger helped me out today.

My new philosophy: study and get ripped. Fuck everything and everyone else.

I declare myself a mercenary. Have a job? I'll get it done.

The love of my life: repeat 800s on a sunny day.

A little tanner, great times, and now very current on hip-hop.

Going running down a trail of bright oranges and yellows.

Saw a shooting star on number seven of eight 800s.

In a cafe...again, doin what I always do.

Thanks for the support guys! We did it.

There's just something about those cold winter nights.

Thanks for all the birthday love everyone!

Was stuck between reality and a dream...unpleasant.

Marathon in a few days O_O.

Is going back to the homeland

My cat squeaks when he stretches.

Pop Rocks are the shit.