wonders whether anyone's ever done an etymological history of onomatopoeia.  Why did "oink" become so popular when most pigs I've seen go "reeee"?  Why did "fap" become so popular?  Is it accuracy or something else?  A most interesting question...  Any linguistics majors in need of a paper topic?

You can ask me one question (Send it to my inbox). Any question- anything. No matter how awkward it can be I'll answer it honestly, no catch. But, I dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you.  (I can't resist dares...)

Dear Online Dictionary Makers, Let people search the text of the entries, not just the entry words.  Make your dictionaries more like a human brain.  Let me search "make things the same" and find words that include those words in their definitions.  That would rock. Love, *PROPNAME*

Holy crap!  Hiero II of Syracuse was a former general of Pyrrhus of Epirus!  I never knew that!  Hiero has the official title of Awesomest Friendhaver in the Ancient World now, so far as I'm concerned.  Pyrrhus and Archimedes, at least!  Go Hiero!  You're MY hero!

finds fiction much more interesting when you imagine the same actors and voice actors to be the same people instead of different characters.  Holy crap, *PROPNAME*'s father is Liquid Snake!  Hey look, Obi-Wan Kenobi is helping Don Quixote liberate the Arabs in WWI!

is starting to wonder whether his eyes reflect light in the near-infrared spectrum or something that's just out of sight for humans but visible to cameras, cuz man, if I only had photos to go by I would swear my eyes are red.

Well crap.  My computer's software is currently corrupted or something and won't work.  Right before my two Hell Weeks begin.  Wheeee...  Anyone in Chicago have a copy of their Windows XP Professional edition CD I can borrow to reinstall stuff?

Dear everyone: crack open a dictionary and start using "hypothesis" and "theory" correctly from now on.  It's not that hard, and misusing the word confuses stupid people to whom I then need to listen, which makes me sad.  : (

just got his mind blown.  Apparently *PROPNAME* from Salute Your Shorts, the rich girl, was played by a Chinese-American actress.  I totally never noticed that.  Ever.  Thank you, www.tvtropes.org for once again, showing that I have a terrible memory.

is impressed that the ads on the side of FB are getting relevant without being offensively so...finally.  I've got an ad for a book I like, a band I like, and a movie by an animator I like.  Yay!

wants to see a version of that *PROPNAME* story "Gift of the Magi" where one of the people receives a Bible, only to inform their friend that they sold their soul to Satan to buy them their gift.

gave up on being a productive member of society when he left engineering, OK Social Sciences?  Just let me write about cool people.  I don't want to think about how my topic benefits anyone.

Is off to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!  And I got an awesome gift in the mail today!  And I learned how to construct a book wheel.  Today is just, like, mega-awesome!

remembers a time when he was able to easily find classes because the school actually had its shit together and managed to have a central location with all the course descriptions.

is sick of starting letters with "dear."  My friends are more than dear, I'm using different adjectives from now on.  "Anti-Establishment *PROPNAME*, how are you?  Signed, *PROPNAME*."  Screw you, convention!

dreads his mortality as he walks the empty aisles of a library, admiring the volumes, yet knowing his life will never last long enough for him to enjoy them all.

HAL is alive once again!  Just in time for 2010, conveniently enough.  Not sure if I'm gonna keep him, cuz he's now missing MS Word, but eh, he has internet.

associates Russian classical composers with Christmas, for some reason.  Not just the Nutcracker stuff, either.  It's a bit odd...  Especially since everyone knows Santa lives in Finland, not Russia.

Alright Holst, listen up.  I'm going to see your music tomorrow and I don't want anything supernatural to prevent it, got it?  I'm sick of your crap.

has finally ended orientation!  That was fast...  Perspectives in Social Science, Historical Methods, and Early Modern England will be my classes this quarter, it seems.

has the same Spring Break as *PROPNAME*!  If any Cornellians want a super awesome place to visit during their Spring Break, keep Chicago in mind...

recently realized there's a large whole in his theoretical structure of life.  It may be a few interations before he has a working solution.

Holy mother microfilm is a bitch on the eyes.  Dear 1890, learn to write normal Ms and Ns.  Yours look like Ws and Us.

wishes a Happy Valentine's Day to all those for whom he cares!  I hope all my friends know how much they mean to me!

wants to thank the Tabasco company for listing the Scoville Heat Units of its products, and thinks all spicy food makers should follow suit.

The Portuguese pronounce X like SH?  Damnit, is it THEIR fault Romanized Chinese does the same?  I always wondered who to blame for that.

Holy Crap!  *PROPNAME*'s has a rewards program that lets you get a free chocolate from the store every month!  How awesome is that?

Holy crap this is hilarious: http:////www.standforchristmas.com//pages//home Just read these reviews.  What bigoted morons think like this?  Read the "Offensive" ones.  They're the best.

thinks he'll start a Prussia-style diary, and this status update will remind him of his choice until he finally acts upon it.

is thankful for all his wonderful friends!  Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!  I wish I could spend it with every one of you.

had a dream come true!  Last night I dreamt about eating a cinnamon bun, and today I ate a cinnamon bun!

First day of classes for a new quarter!  I hope no suddenly loud girls give me coronary thrombosis like last quarter...

has chourico!  The tastiest, most delicious meat known to mankind!  And I'm going to eat the crap out of it!

Hey my Rhode Island friends.  What rocks to do in Providence and what's the best Italian place in the city?

27F, feels like 14F....Ah!  It's like being in Ithaca again!  It feels wonderful!  And yes, *PROPNAME*, I am crazy.

wonders whether Professor *PROPNAME* would let him write a term paper on fanfictions using theories from the readings...

gazed upon the face of the Savior of the Monkeys and wept from the beauty of the sight.

is ready to begin his day fueled with the power of french toast!  Readings: prepare to be read...

Geez 18th Century Britons, if you love *PROPNAME* the Great so much, why don't you just marry him?

"I love her better than anybody here, and see her seldomer.  So it often happens in the world."-*PROPNAME*

All three of my sidebar ads are currently about meeting girls.  I think Facebook pities me...  :(

Just did the research and writing for his 12 page term paper in 48 hours.  Revision time!

is glad *PROPNAME* has taken responsibility for what happened.  Don't worry, *PROPNAME*, I'm not mad at you!

wants a cottage cheese and pastrami sandwich on banana bread, even if it severely ruins your reputation!

leaves for Chicago tomorrow.  Can't wait!  Now if only the magical packing fairy would visit me...

Good morning!  And in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!

just found out Megas XLR is on iTunes!  Life just got a little bit more awesome.

didn't know the chemicals in jalapeno peppers could make your bare skin feel kinda burny.  Huh.

And now all I have to do is pack!  Hooray!  One quarter down, two to go!

is my name and I'm here to say, I have the symptoms of an awesome day!