Please choose ONE of the options and then write an essay in which you offer an argument so brilliant, so insightful, and so well-supported that political analysts around the globe are left astonished, humbled, and shaken (if not stirred).   - I <3 you *PROPNAME*. This is the best prompt ever.

so not cool with the fact that *PROPNAME* (who is 34 btw) is getting married to a 22 yr old argentinian model... exuse moi *PROPNAME*, I happen to be 22, you didnt have to look that far.

"I want your love and  I want your revenge" "You and me could write a bad romance  " "I want your love and  All your lovers' revenge  " "You and me could write a bad romance"

so one day, I'm going to ride a horse (Fresian to be specific) over some majestic rolling hills and *PROPNAME* is going to run behnind me with a boombox blasting epic music... i can't wait

"history must concede that he was in the exceptional position of a self infatuated man who happened to be right" --- the entertaining things i find while researching

anyone have a place i can put my car during the football game? our house is doing football parking so its getting kicked out :( poor thing

Grandma and I had a fight yesterday about whether the owner of the restaurant sounded like Blanche or Rose from the Golden Girls. Good Times. <3

I have *PROPNAME* on the brain. ugh... one of these days I will remember to write about a topic other than intellectuals in colonial eras.... UGH

President Obama -- fighting wars in two countries -- will arrive in Norway on Thursday to accept the Nobel Peace Prize.... Amusing CNN headline

are you kidding me... there is a book about how mr darcy is a vampire? really? okay you convinced me.... i'm reading it

PASSED my Praxis exams with flying colors!!! Thank you *PROPNAME*'s notes for that recognition of excellence on the PLT 7-12 :) <3

Hello My name is *PROPNAME*, Human Cyborg relations... :) <3 to fam for actually watching the film with me last night... classic!!

Dear planes,  Please stop crashing, I'd like to go on a trip to Ireland without dying on either flight.  Thanks, *PROPNAME*

I really REALLY REALLY want to be a Star Fleet officer. I have since I was 5 and I still do.

stimulated the economy yesterday... there goes 100 on makeup... now next on the list... somewhere to go all dressed up

nm... out for a walk to the PIER! llame to make the walk go faster... or to come along :)

why yes I am listening to the Backstreet Boys' new CD and cooking fudge. .... soon, I'll get a cat.

why is it that whenever there is a pig butchered in Europe there are always drinks and snacks? - *PROPNAME*

is at the beach at 30th st in newport... come join! give me a call or just show up! :)

I wish everytime a camera circled around my chair a month went by. (See New Moon and You understand)

teaching myself ALL of AP bio and 4 years of an education major's knowledge in 2 days booyah!

if your a girl and you haven't seen the miniseries North and South (BBC) you need too!!

Way to go young people, our contribution to society? "Unfriend" has been added to the OED.

Watching X-Men cartoons at home..I think I could do this for the rest of my life

Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize the same day that we bombed the moon... interesting...

is on a tour of Asia. Burmese Saturdays, Japanese Sundays, Mongolian Mondays, Thai Tuesdays.... suggestions?

fun fact... the foremost creationist advocate got his phd in bio chem from berktown

yesssss, josh groban has a solo in the new "we are the world recording".....

Anyone interested in Seeing *PROPNAME* at the Nokia Theatre on the 28th of Feb?

i think its unholy to be up at this hour twice in two days....

New Years Resolutions 1) To become Kim Possible 2) To get a pony

does not want to go back to berkeley.... well except for friendzies <3

Mister Squiggles, the light-brown version of the hamsters, has unsafe levels of antimony.

His Royal Highness Fluff n' Stuff IS the perfect name for a pony!

read harry potter 7 cover to cover in a day just cuz

Come to the J.S. Bach Magnificat at noon tomorrow at Hertz Hall!!

the unknown is NOT fun. Ya'll are crazy for thinking so. lol

why yes I do lipsynch to the Soweto Gospel Choir in Zulu

will complete seaon 3 and 4 of Kim Possible by tonight :)

is a Teach for American 2010 Corps Member!!!  (Southern Louisiana, Secondary Biology)

in Big Bear until Friday call me if you need me

all of a sudden I'm really REALLY excited for Christmas <3

today was a new day then promptly ate 2 sees candies

eating seaweed.... wow.. thanks berkeley... what have you done to me

why does it seem like im always online these days?...

according to Japanese scientists.. humans glow!! i KNEW it!! :)

I'ma gonna watch you break it down and dance.

In Berkeley hit me up to hang out :)

lovin the warm windy HB weather in my backyard

Guess how old I am in my profile photo