Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own.  Everybody has their private world where they can be alone. Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you...

scars heal, glory fades, and all we're left with are the memories made. pain hurts, but only for a minute. your life is short so go on and live it, cause the chicks dig it

thought some chick was hitting on me last night, but it turned out she was just getting my attention so she could make fun of me for being over 20 and still wearing Abercrombie. FML!

(801): You dropped me off at the wrong girl's house. (1-801): There's no such thing as a "wrong girl" make it happen. (801): alright see you in the morning.

Just got pizza delivered to my house in Pittsburgh by a chick I went to high school with in Coudersport...feel so much better about my life right now!

I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really, ridiculously good looking. And I plan on finding out what that is.

tryin to figure out what to do w. a plane ticket to NYC the 24th w. no one to hang out with. FML!

To feel your pain, you feel mine. Go inside eachother's minds, just to see what we'd find. Look at shit through eachother's eyes.

This is the man cave, there's no women allowed in here. I got a jerk-off station for God's sake.

Cleveland celebrating birthdays with the King, New Years in the 'burg, cruisin' the Caribbean....gonna be a nice little weekend!

I just wish I could take back that kiss. Because now I know... it was the taste of betrayal.

Don't worry about the people in your past, there's a reason they didn't make it to your future.

you're not sure that you love me, but you're not sure enough to let me go

well everyone I know has got a reason to say, you could put the past away

Getting some much needed TLC from mom...and the trap is cleaner than ever, which is nice!

is trying to justify his CMU education in exchange for the PSU atmosphere...not really working

trust lies at the core of love; there can be no true love without trust

"I don't feel like watching football, I would rather watch a good movie"--*PROPNAME*....manhood in question

has been working all week, it's time to play gonna get a little bit sideways

Trying to learn how to build a cowboy hat out of a Natty light boxes

another lonely night with nothing to hold on to but memories of better days...

Maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves

Just trying to play 1 round of golf before this summer is over!!

living in a haze...looking for the meaning of life and only finding darkness

she said, "you probably don't remember me," I said, "only every other memory."

don't think I don't think about it, don't think I don't have regrets...

4 rounds of credit card roulette shots and never had to pay...love that!

hang on tight, cause it's gonna be wilder than any 8 second ride

I am officially the dumbest person in the entire world...my life sucks

Tailgating in the Wendy's parking lot is the new thing to do!!

Taking out my frustrations on 300 plus pounds of gravity motivated iron

she put him out, like the burning end of a midnight cigarette

we'll put a boot in your ass, it's the American way

I'm better than ya ex, gonna be better than ya next

85 and sunny in Jamaica, 82 and sunny in Grand Cayman....SMICK!

All the classy broads hit up half price wine night right?...

taking one step forward then 2 steps back...story of my life

I got a feelin' that tonight's gonna be a good night!

Tattoo on the lower back...might as well be a bulls-eye

Trapp mandate...dinner and a movie, does it get any better?

Composing a script for greek sing....will most definitely be epic!

noddin' my head like 'Yeah,' movin' my hips like 'Yeah!'

everyone is single if you're willing to try hard enough

Deceiving others. That's what the world calls a romance.

State blows another opportunity...shouldn't have expected anything else...

Jammin' some *PROPNAME* on the new Trapp piano!

Findin' a steady pay check for next year...

Football all day...that's what I love about Sunday's

PSU loss, Steelers loss...my life is in shambles

i guess if that's what you're into...