And until peoples learn to spot the fanning of mass emotions and the sowing of bitterness, suspicion, and intolerance as crimes in themselves - as perhaps the greatest disservice that can be done to the cause of popular government - this sort of thing will continue to occur.

[The "liberal media"] love to be denounced from the right, and the right loves to denounce them, because that makes them look like courageous defenders of freedom and independence while, in fact, they are imposing all of the presuppositions of the propaganda system.-Chomsky

I have no excuses, least of all for God.  Like all tyrants, he is not worthy of the spit you would waste on negotiations.  The deal we have is infinitely simpler--i don't call him to account, and he extends me the same courtesy...

"How impious is the title of sacred majesty applied to a worm, who in the midst of his splendor is crumbling into dust!"-*PROPNAME*.  They don't make writers like they used to.

"I find it absolutely appalling that anyone could believe that political affiliation would be used to determine who receives medical treatment. That's what race and socioeconomic standing are for."

When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint.  When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.-*PROPNAME*

"Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves." - *PROPNAME*

Rule of the Great:    When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep thoughts, they are probably thinking about lunch.

"Keep government away from my medicare!"  As good a summary of American politics as one is likely to get these days.

Stability means we run it. There are countries that are very stable. Cuba is stable, but that’s not called stability.

I didn't know this, but *PROPNAME* is apparently a Hebrew name that means "The Lord Remembers," which is basically incredible.

*PROPNAME* was ejected from the New York State Senate, which is good, because he slashed his girlfriend with a knife.

"We're supposed to call it H1N1." "I refuse to back down to pig farmers.  Not today, not ever."

Thank you, *PROPNAME*, for still being on the ballot so that stupid people could vote for you.

Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of congress. But I repeat myself.

Show me a completely smooth operation and I'll show you a cover up. Real boats rock. -*PROPNAME*

In other news, the Steelers 4th quarter is the most depressing thing of all time.

Rip open the diseased heart of a corporation and what spills out? -On people

"No one lets charms in the vehicle in the entire United States Marine Corps."

Progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things.-Heinlein

The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.

"We operate by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate."

The only fear I have, Is my failure to adhear his path

"We rule by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate."

If I see another king, I think I shall bite him.-*PROPNAME*.

I have to quit drinking diet coke.  Much sadness and headaches.

"What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?" "Dr. Dre?" "Fuck you, Carl."

The best way to describe *PROPNAME* is as an IRL troll.

Now bamboo thinks it's wood, and that pisses me off.

The mind of a child is where the revolution begins.

It's the prophet versus them profits all the time.

Spit it so hard it oughta be a crime.

Spit so hard that it oughta be a crime

Kill them all.  God will recognize his own.-*PROPNAME*

That, ladies and gentlemen, was a season opener.

Kansas City Chiefs over Pittsburgh Steelers, 27-24.  Disgrace.

What I didn't want: more characters on Heroes.

"Libertarianism is just anarchism for rich people."

My fucking computer got a virus.  Incredible.

Record so hard it broke the needle.

Bush was a symptom, not a cause.

Even when it's free it ain't cheap.

Stop the violence and start the revolution-Talib

Restoration! or, why LTS is incredible.

All aboard the U.S.S. Rational Basis.

And then, I got food poisoning.

Classes over!  Home in a week.

Things that are irritating: Microsoft excel.

I found my actual WEP key!!!!

Hey, it actually is December.