I guess this is our last goodbye | And you don't care, so I wont cry | But you'll be sorry when I'm dead | And all this guilt will be on your head | I guess you'd call it suicide | But I'm too full to swallow my pride.

I want to be loved, but you don't seem to love me | I'm wandering aimlessly within this repetition | And the answer I found is only one; that even if I'm scared, even if I'm hurt | I'll say "I love you" to the person I love

"The greatest happiness is to scatter your enemy, to drive him before you, to see his cities reduced to ashes, to see those who love him shrouded in tears, and to gather into your bosom his wives and daughters."

Walked out this morning, dont believe what I saw | A Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore | Seems Im not alone at being alone | A Hundred billion castaways, looking for a home...

Slowly walking down the hall, Faster than a cannonball~  Where were you while we were getting high? Someday you will find me, Caught beneath the landslide, In a champagne supernova in the sky~~~

I've finally gotten around to uploading all of my Japan pictures so far.  I know there are an unbelievable amount of them (forgive me, I love taking pics), but enjoy them!

ALLIANCE, n. In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other’s pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.

La~st Christmas, I gave you my heart.  The very next day, you gave it away... This year, to save me from tears, I'll give it to someone special.

And we can live in a beautiful world hide away under peaceful skies. We can survive on time and a word feel the nights passing by.

I will be in Tokyo on the 10th!  Anyone want to entertain//be entertained by me while I'm there?

went out for dinner with a man who just happened to be a host.  True story.

Hey all!  My American Phone is officially off!  Don't call or text it anymore, k?

Will be in Tokyo all of Wednesday morning~ Does anyone want to hang out?

Woke up late and didn't get to eat breakfast today -sad- I'm so hungry...

"In the absence of orders, find something and kill it."   -*PROPNAME*

I hope the survivors in Haiti receive aid quickly...

missed teaching at the elementary school Thursday...  -sad-

I like Asahi Super Dry... very much.

I want someone to buy me dinner.

wants to fall in love~