ok so it appears that people couldn't even comment on my poll:) so here it is again --- seems like everyone wants to write on my wall:) and i have been getting complains,.... so here is a poll: Do u want to write on my wall? Yes//No.. :

1.) facebook - FIX the update bug on the Share on the Home page. 2.).... ughhh wish i got a relocation package.... 3.) ;( missed the cuban festival... 4.) after barely staying awake all day under the hood now i am wide awake... great timing ...

loves the jewelry her aunt sent her from bulgaria... and the boots & pants her mom and sis sent her from houston:) AND her itty bitty car:) hehehe especially since she got a second car wash for free at tasca today hehe

got home at 3... went to bed at 330, got up at 730, went to work at 830, left work at 530, got home at 600, took e nap at 630, woke up at 830... dinner shower and havana;)!

didn't get home until 5:30am ... cause she had to drive an hr+ back fromm boston in rain and fog but it was totaly worth it getting in 15 minutes before the club closed:) xuxuxuxu

got a plaaaaaace to live and her car will be shiiiiped:) so 99% will be in ithaca on the 6th of Nov and given that that's a friday will parteyyyyy! Who is up for it?!

I don't get some people...you offer to help them- they are lazy and don't bother to send their shit... months later when its too damn late they ask you to help them.. wtf

Dear facebook: Please make me happy and allow me to use your application at least on the holidays... when i actually have the desire to: in other words -> FIX YOUR PLUGINS!

seems like everyone wants to write on my wall:) and i have been getting complains,.... so here is a poll: Do u want to write on my wall? Yes//No.. :

5//6//2010 - Springfield, MA $55 - Lord of the Dance, who wants to go? (send me a msgs and lets go together)

so... Dear Facebook, .. you deactive your account, and after you activate it all your groups are gone - Pleasant surprise huh!

its nice to have unexpected friends whom u talk w once a month or two

someone tried to steal my car tonight and my car told me :) YAY! ?

Who is up to going to Washington DC for Lord of the Dance in APril?>

just took her first hot shower in a month:)!!! Yupeee... It felt SO good;)

what a great night - *PROPNAME*'s Cantina is def. the place to be.

does a 40degree F difference matter? when its bw 20 and 60?

loves her blue water view;) with the swans swimming in it

moved into her apartment last night and is loving it:)

wants to go to the aventura concert at mohegan sun

is NOT in Boston YET but she will be soon.

may be in Ithaca on the night of Nov. 6th.

wants to go to the Cuban-Puerto Rican festival tomorrrrrrrow

tralala my car is packed and ready to go....

when does facebook start classifying updates as Recent Activity?

looking for *PROPNAME* in Boston//Providence - anybody know anything?

*PROPNAME* needs to fix its record keeping big time!

trying to optimize windows vista - all suggestions welcome!

so.... i gotta spend 1200-1300 on tires.... nice eh

so.... i gotta spend 1200-1300 on tires.... nice eh

hopes there is a delayed opening tomorrow:) hehehe

another shitty day...completed by a shitty evening

Beverly Hills, CA or London, UK ...

prefers illegal-mexicans construction work to white american

wanted to go to Las Haciendas 2nite...

: my head is killing me:(

is happy cause *PROPNAME* called her::):)

has to build her facebook app...

is gonna get Zumba certified

loves her work and coworkers!

what a great night:) ZZZ.

F'ing RI and its ppl

is thankful for her friends