has a new perspective. Its crazy how close I came to dying on friday.... I'm very happy to be out of the hospital and at my parent's house again. Come visit me! I'm on bed rest 'till Sunday and then only low activity for the next 3 months

s spleen is healing nicely but she still can't feel her fingertips on her left hand. she also wishes the nurses' assistants weren't so incompetent... one helped me to the toilet this morning then left and never came back to help me back into bed (which i

broke her forearm, dislocated and sheared her elbow, fractured 3 ribs and lacerated her spleen jumping off a ledge into the san lorenzo river on friday. She'll be on the 2nd floor in dominican hospital rm 2210 until tuesday if anyone wants to keep her com

Commercial narrator: "we're all searching for it. Most of us don't even know what we're looking for. But we all feel it, that unexplainable emptiness that can only be filled by one thing." Then they pan to the stars and the answer appears. Scientology. ri

so i dont have to keep typing this evrytime sum1 asks... slipped during a cliff jump, didnt clear the rocks below. sheared the ball joint in my left elbow, dislocated it (compound fracture), compound fracture in my forearm, 3 fractured ribs and lacerated 

finally has some legit painkillers, hopefully my metal arm stops hurting soon! for now, i think i'm gonna watch the entire series of Entourage since I still have two days of bed rest. *PROPNAME* can help me back to health anyday ;)

A simple smile can change a day, an understanding look can say "I know exactly how you feel." But we have learned to build our walls, so very strong and very tall, for fear of what the world might steal

"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can life us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*

"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can lift us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*

rediscovered an old journal and some old poetry of hers and is spending the day pondering who she is and who her real friends are                            ....... bed rest has given me A LOT of time to think lol *<:~)

"see, when you forgive your imperfections, and you've auctioned all your clothes, and you look to see your true reflection, you will be the one who loves you the most" -*PROPNAME* "The One Who Loves You the Most"

finished her stats paper and bought her ticket for BRETT DENNEN on the 12th! The world is wonderful again :)  Now I am off to work for the next 8 hours... not so wonderful but oh well

got burned by steak grease and has blisters on her leg :(   I'm just tryin to ignore it but I think the chef owes me a serious sesh (*cough* *PROPNAME* *cough*cough*) hahaha

is overwhelmed by data... and this is supposed to be a quick, easy lab? I barely even know where to start... my lack of experience is kicking my ass :(

I think we're walking step in step, But you don't speak your mind. I think I see it in your eyes, but maybe its just a reflection of mine.

is getting on her longboard for the first time in 3 months :D !!!!! Now it's time to go around Isla Vista collecting flowers for my new apartment :)

woke up in a lot of pain and then hit the morphine button like 6 times... pain's not totally gone but at least its subsided a little

is living on cloud nine... aka in the Montecito Hills. the house I moved into is insanely beautiful and best of all... its free!!!

can't believe she's leaving the lodge in the morning after two years.... its the end of an era :( *PROPNAME* I love you forever!!!

received early acceptance to Michigan Tech in Civil Engineering!!!!!!!!!!!!  Now its time for my peace corps application! Get ready world, 'cause here I come!

will not be going on the fall 2009 semester at sea voyage. Doctor's orders. I have never been so devastated in my entire life...

is in San Diego, boarding the MV explorer tomorrow morning! If you want to follow my voyage, I'm keeping a blog at    http:////sherrinthelove.blogspot.com//

is going to the city tonight even though she's broken! ooo and my cousin drew a pretty pink cupcake on my cast :D

finally got her computer back in shape! Open office, utorrent and skype; now I can actually make use of my computer again!

folk and tribal arts festival at the museum of natural history, gonna go find some gifts and watch some bellydancing :)

is very happy with her grades and even happier that she didn't spend more time than needed on school this quarter!

had a great time at the Devil Makes Three new years and now its time to pack for Semester at Sea!!!!

is headin to the doctor yet again but then Reggae in the Redwoods tonight at the Brookdale Lodge :D

is stoked for West Beach today!!! Too bad its not sunnier... didn't someone tell Santa Barbara its still summer?

is thankful for her quite patio to watch the meteor shower from tonight :) anyone want to join me?

the heart is a wilderness with beauty and emptiness that you endure 'cause you never can be sure

can't sleep because the dog  keeps barking at something in the yard and its kinda freakin me out

how can I be expected to work when there is so much fun puddle jumping to be done?

has a LONG day in the field tomorrow and then is escaping Isla Vista for the weekend :D

just got back from the reel rock film show and officially views *PROPNAME* as the biggest badass EVER

is so stoked to see *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* at the Hollywood Bowl with her lady tonight!!!

downtown or international party? hmmm decisions decisions... one thing's for sure, no more studying for tonight :D

"we have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down" -*PROPNAME*.

Is packing up old baggage, mailing it away to Timbuktu and starting a new day :)

LOVES her Field Fridays and BEER HOUR! Thanks *PROPNAME* for being such a great Beer Czar

is gettin' on the road, feelin' fine. I'll be back in Isla Vista in no time!

is so sick of this hospital and not being able to do things on her own

had a really stressful day at work but got a $45 tip :) Thank you Microsoft

both of the towns I live in have been on fire an lot recently :(

is spending her day off watching Dexter instead of being productive like she should be...

you don't need no reason nor a three peice suit to argue the truth

now takes the storke exit into IV instead of the los carneros exit... weird

I am once, I am twice, I am the whole, I'm just a slice.

roast + wine + family + south park = a very happy *PROPNAME*

"we never forget the truth, we only get better at lying to ourselves"