money, teeth cleaning, g-ma's, bus, top secret errand, target, rodarte dress for $40(!!!), some warm and comfy- themed xmas shopping, spending time with mom, coffee, sephora.com, the office, stepping outside and forgetting how cold it gets without proper coverage- productive and selfindulgent bliss. not a bad day off.

is actually going to see someone besides my mother on my day off. No offense mom. U r fabulous but im turning into a 13-year-old not-out-of-the-closet-yet gay man by the amount of time i spend with you.

thank you to everyone who sent me fb love and made my birthday more special than i could ever have imagined. im sooooooo lucky to have so many great souls in my life.

Um, amy poehler is rocking my world right now. seriously, the bad date rant was HYSTERICAL. tivo that shit. and by that shit, i mean parks and recreation.

Turbo tax tried charging me $140 dollars to process my taxes. my mom did it for free. fuck you turbo tax and thanks mom for saving the day.

wants to know when she became a single 35-year-old lady. Tonight I visited a dating site and watched "accidentally on purpose" and felt for the characters. seriously?!

is going to start using disposable cameras again- she agrees with stephanie that the anticipation of not knowing what will show up is very missed

Is wearing red lipstick, watching movies, hot boys, and her mother screech at the family dog..... "random" doesnt even begin to describe this scene

is sick in an way she's never been physically sick before. feels like a hangover mixed with the flu mixed with weakness and nausea

why does netflix need me to have at least 6 dvds in my queue? i think 5 is quite enough, thank you gluttonous 'merica.

is having a bad day. not even target, shoes, nor a good guacamole carls jr. burger could bring me up.

wishes she was moving on up in the world. but at least she has ja'mie to get her through it.

needs a hot hair cut. anyone know where i can get a fierce one for under 50 in vc?

is not turning on her cell at the moment, or for the next few days- dont take it personally.

Is having a great day so far, thanks to santa paula noon meetings. and my mom.

is excited to kick it old school with an old friend in a new place

the office, cleaning, and hanging con mi madre are my drugs of choice this evening

michael scott dancing in the booze cruise episode is really entertaining to me right now.

is in love with her new black peacoat. Who else is pumped it's fall?

"La Vie En Rose"- there are no words. Absolutely brilliant, honest, and beautiful movie.

Mondays are the new thursdays- anthony bourdain + *PROPNAME*  = forgetting your financial troubles

Mi familia de la cuidad de mexico esta aqui! Necesito que practicar mi espanol.

Loves avoiding burning a whole in her pocket. Lesportsac purses and DVD overload.

true blood is getting me in the halloween spirit. damn, bill is hot.

Its the little things in life- fresh flowers, katie ion, netflix instant movies

summer heights high. ja'mie, jonah, and mr. g. im hooked on chris lilley.

thinks Rhianna's Italian Vogue photoshoot is in bad taste and inappropriate. yuck.

wants to find a way to san fran after the new year

is celebrating her 90th day with dieting and work whahooo! not.

is slightly smitten with the phoenix family. its weird, i know.

is on her way up north to face her judgement

wants to go to paris. anyone care to accompany me?

rhinanna is just getting crazier and crazier. or more stupid.

Target is my savior- sandals, dresses and shirts, oh my!

hates the business that is the United States' healthcare system

is excited for NBC thursdays- especially excited for community

I lost.....my ex is in a relationship before me

i got a break! a $3000 healthcare break! whoooooo

is bummed the instant movie didnt pull through

is very excite for today and this weekend.

Having a job again is weird, but welcome.

intervention- heroine and xanax and crack- oh my.

wants no more friend or exboyfriend drama drama

is hoping to finally get a break tomorrow!

its a beautiful fall day in southern california.

Is trying to figure out everything.....

Today is my 2 month birthday!

really hates California's economy right now

is rediscovering her love for bjork

is ready for her day off