Kea: For the love of God, I am begging you to return those heinous Brooks Brothers shirts. *PROPNAME*: Well your face is heinous. And I don't ask you to return THAT. (Just another morning's playful banter between someone studying for Step 1 and someone fighting off an awful cold...)

"Cuz when the roof caved in and the truth came out I just didn't know what to doooo, But when I become a star we'll be living so large I'll do anything for youuuu...". On repeat. I don't care if this makes me a loser.

watched in shock today as a nurse on the bus poked and yelled at an old, disabled man for sitting too close to her in the section designated for old and disabled people. Wishing I'd said something.

Me: "Omg I am tired after two robotic-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomies with bilateral salpingoopherectomies. *PROPNAME*: "Awesome I did a fatakanicous dilopidous internal rectomy today too." I pity the fool who is forced to date a med student.

Sunday. *PROPNAME* gone. And the person standing in line behind me at the minimart, who saw me paying with a bill that had a giant inappropriate anatomical figure on it, was a pastor. Of course.

If there had been a real fire tonight, everyone in my building (including me) would be burned to a crisp right now because apparently a fire alarm isn't enough to lure us from our dens.

*PROPNAME* at RitFit is my new favorite person. It's kinda nice to be cajoled into thinking you're "way stronger than you think" at doing bicep curls. And that's what I'm paying him for.

1. Kea: a) one who has an excessive amount of cool b) a verb showing that someone is doing something sick c) a person filled with self-loathing for actually following this FB fad

had about 7L of insensible losses via mouth-breathing last night and woke up with a tongue the consistency of beef jerky. This viral URI can stick it up its tiny viral you-know-whoosy.

No wonder *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* dumped *PROPNAME*. His song about her is HORRENDOUS, even for a 90s ballad. Now I understand that *PROPNAME* is a (marginal) step up for her. *Shudder*

I recounted my nap-dream to Raf just now. He recounted that he wanted to shoot himself in the face. Apparently the narrative was much more exciting and dramatic in my head...

Not only is Dracula good, but Batman Forever is still amazing. I had SUCH good taste in movies as a high schooler, holy crap! And now I like The Holiday?!

Really, USMLE World? You really want me to know which growth factor receptors have intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity, and which ones need JAK//STAT for signal transduction? I poop on you.

Life is so good! Medicine rocks and I am so proud of my man for his stellar performance review today. Here comes the first Latino Microsoft CEO, watch and wait.

Buy a Christmas//Hannukah//Kwanzaa//Solstice tree? Check. Get Step 1 books? Check. Start dinner before 10pm? Check. It's really amazing what we can accomplish when we're let out of surgery early!

Well, it finally happened: I bought a coffee so big it didn't fit in my microwave for re-heating. (Sub-status update: Go to bing.com for some major Boston pride ;-)

Is anyone else kinda suffering through this elective ranking process? I spent months obsessing over the exciting possibilities, and now all I want to do is avoid it...

Halfway done with med school and off to the Outer Banks for two weeks. Limited access to phone and e-mail, but will check when I can! CONGRATS classmates!

Waiting for a batch of homemade peppermint bark to set in the fridge to help ring in the New Year! Suck it, Williams Sonoma, with your exorbitant prices!

thinks one of her library nemeses is trying her own emergency tactic on her, namely, faking a horrendous cough to drive others away. Oh, it's ON, bitch!

s library nemesis has answered her pine nut brittle with chips, a paper lunch bag, and a thinly-veiled apology for his "snack attack." Touché, library nemesis, touché.

s mind was just completely blown by the awesomeness of Zahav (Israeli restaurant here). Easily in the top three restaurants I've eaten at, worldwide. Go there. Now.

Just scared myself senseless by watching most of Dracula. I am such a bigger pansy than I used to be, back in my vampire-obsessed, middle-school days...

Hm. Apparently running for the first time in months makes me simultaneously feel like horse $#!@ and want to devour a steak. Wasn't prepared for that.

Anyone interested in joining me for *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* on Oct. 22 at the Electric Factory? Ticket are $35 =( but I'd go with good company!

can't decide if it's good or bad that med students score worse than a monkey randomly choosing an answer for some of these USMLE questions...

If this societal obsession with vampires had happened while I was going through my "phase" in middle school, it really could have changed my life.

wouldn't mind if a Philly, NYC, or Boston friend posted pics of the snowy city to FB! C'mon, give a girl a white Christmas =)

Maybe I should have Bing'd whether staph aureus toxin is inactivated via boiling BEFORE boiling and eating the soup I left out for 24 hours.

just canceled out the vote of an obnoxious, be-cashmere-scarved prettyman chanting "*PROPNAME*, hare krishna, *PROPNAME*" in the middle of Starbucks. Health care for all!

Very slowly meandering my way toward garden bliss. Does anyone in Philly have a patio umbrella they're trying to rid themselves of, by chance?

just typed "loves 30 Rock so much it hurts sometimes" into the FB search box. I think I'm hemorrhaging brain cells at this point.

Apparently, all it takes for me to go on a semi-psychotic, cockroach-killing rampage is two glasses of wine and a strategically placed Dansko.

thinks it feels pretty fly to see her tiny shoots of arugula (and spinach, kale, and two types of lettuces) battling the odds!

Had a dream last night that I defied the laws of the space-time continuum. Isn't that like the holy grail of dreams?

Forty-five minutes on a Rittenhouse bench, with a bag full of veggies and La Colombe mocha, really turns the day around =)

Almost just passed out in the library trying to test my Valsalva//baroreceptor//HR reflex. And no, my reflex is NOT intact, thankyouforasking. Frick!

got a white Christmas of her own: hilltop house engulfed in a cloud all day! Thx for pulling through, St. John ;-)

Hooked on Weeds without any way of getting my next dose soon. Damn you, Netflix instant queue and your empty promises.

Seriously going insane. Actually wishing I could move up my date to spare myself the psychological nightmare of last-minute USMLE studying.

finally drove out the dust ponies. They were becoming too domesticated and needed to be set free in their natural habitat.

Note to self: Trying to rekindle an old flame for string cheese is not well accomplished using low-salt, skim mozarella sticks.

never appreciated how good a dancer *PROPNAME* was until the recent marathons of Dirty Dancing. Kudos where kudos are due.

Christmas tree decorating. *PROPNAME* of the Bells. Potentially cocoa and//or holiday cookie baking. I am officially the worst Jew ever.

Who's gonna see the Harry Potter movie with me? The person who comes is still allowed to judge me.

Thank you, Case Files. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't know what to expect when undergoing "The Menopause."

Did anyone else think it was obvious *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* were getting a divorce like 34 seasons ago?

So like, what's the deal with *PROPNAME*? I think I'm missing a basic understanding of this cultural phenomenon.

Ok, the new *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* is kind of amazing. NOW who is coming with me on 10//22?

Good god, vacation can't get here soon enough. Here I come sun, sand, fresh seafood, and pleasure reading!