I've lived in this place and I know all the faces Each one is different but they're always the same They mean me no harm but it's time that I face it They'll never allow me to change'

Thank you so much for all the bday love, I'm a lucky girl : ) come to the DERBY tonight to celebrate!!! call or text if you have questions <3 <3

On a mission to go back home for the world cup!!! Anyone know how to not make it a mission? haha... South Africa here we come <3 <3

Had an incredible night...from now on if ur looking for me on a tuesday night I will be at the derbs : )

Wow I'm a very happy camper : ) I think an SB visit is in order NOW..katie no comments hahah <3 <3

There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing'

Just learned about how succe$$ful I will be, very shortly : ) dont be jealous, you get what you give

My intention is to go to your damn school...why do I need to write a whole essay telling you that!!!

Beautiful ceremony for a beautiful person. You will be missed and loved forever but never forgotten. Rest peacefully <3

Cos all of the stars are fading away Just try not to worry youll see them some day

To see you when I wake up is a gift I didn't think could be real'

To see you when I wake up Is a gift I didn't think could be real

No work tomorrow! finally...time for a great night and a morning of sleeping in : )

Not going to work today...i have a laker game to watch, very important. priorities, priorities.

True life: two young people believe that love can only be achieved with multiple partners...huh

This is NOT funny. tornados do not exist in orange county, they just dont.

3 more days until santa barbara!! Its gonna be a phenomenal weeekend : )

bit my nails through that whole game... a wins a win though : )

wondering if I've got the strength to get through this one : //

Thinking a downtown sb visit for halloween might be very necessary : )

It's our god forsaken right to be loved <3 <3 <3 <3'd

"Distance is just a test to see how far love can travel"

Only made it back to olympic from school...i like : )

wants to curl up and watch movies all night : )

GOT A JOB!!!! yesssssss : ) : ) : )

crawling into bed and sleeping for 500000000000   years..... <3 vegas

Cooking up a storm <3