grrrr bloody personal statement - have spent about 4 hours on it now n still have to get rid of 3 lines - its takin just as long to delete parts as it did to write the whole thing :( :(

BYE PPL! spt has again been amaze n cant wait till next year! Especially bye to *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, n *PROPNAME* - though im sure ill see u all again at some point! Have a great holiday!!! xxxx

My party was brilliant so thanku everyne who came :) - thanx also too everyone who gave me a gift or card they are all amazing and very lovely, so cheers :) xxx

really hopin this campin thing isnt goin to be as bad as im imaginin - no msn, n minimal hygiene *hides* bye ppl see u in 3 days!

is gettin rather annoyed at her innability to concentrate n get this one piece of business work finnished grrr - is resisting goin on msn though

n now its all over :( - cant get seasons of love out my head though lol  was a pretty gd night tbh :)

ive come to the conclusion that some people are really just not worth it - grow up n learn to forgive xxx

Not really sure y everyone was so dissapointed by the HP film - i thought it was rather gd :D

is very happy - for myself n for charlotte woop :D  p.s. cheers for the car lol :P

Well done!! everyones done soo well so far n talk about energy :D - just 1 show left

wow y do i always seem to have massive convos over the most simplest of things lol

is fed up with messin with the relationship status n is goin to upload pics :D

facebook is all changed - i swear it wasnt that long ago i came on here!

2 sleepovers in 2 days - both amazin but am now shattered :P good times :D

had fun last night - was a gd party n other stuff etc etc :P

Ohhh theres so many gd things to look forward tooo - cant wait!   :D

Thanku sooooo much everyone for my birthday comments - im very happy :) xxxx

eatin out of date chicken n out of date cucumber  :S  oh dear

was pretty awesome 2night guys :) - cheers n yay for cars :P

ppl please stop sendin messages - ur ovloadin facebook :P ahhh its gay

wats better than a cookie?... a GIANT cookie loool mmm yum :)

im in college yet im onb facebook - oh medias great :D

today was gd fun - was kl seein ppl :D

mi novio aprende español - que bonito impresionante :)

feels like sleepin all the way to monday

oh cómo me gusta cantar y hablar español

Wooo - i am so very happy :D

bubbles n apple 2gether again woop :D

yayness - i am happy :) :)