I don't know where my mind is in this moment. It's so fleeting; emotion. I'm so tired, but I can't sleep. And like *PROPNAME* says, a shotgun just leaves a messed up wall.  Ah well. Random thoughts. Better go to bed before that crap goes deeper.

(Breast cancer awareness question - what colour bra are you wearing ?) No colour. I'm not a fan of bras lately. But this is a stupid FB idea. It doesn't really raise awareness unless you also say what the hell it's about !  Stupid, stupid.

I always want the blog to be the magical valve. Turn it on, write, be healed. It never is though. And now I still hurt, I just feel more raw now. As long as I stay with the emotion and don't deny...I'll be alright.

It's moments like this that I wish I worked for Walmart. I hate rape. I'm no good at counseling "victims". Especially when it's a parental perpetrator. Why is this the way of the world ? Why is it reality ?

"Walking by the river I...reach my hands to cup the sky. It runs down my arms...a bitter blue. Turn to red, and the gashes grew." God, this song...every word is raw and honest.

Fuck. Okay, file another tragic story in a box of my mind to be dealt with when I no longer have a heart. Wonder how much longer it'll take...not too long now.

Doctors seem to want me to sit out. In a wheelchair...no fucking way. I'd rather walk down the street with tears streaming, than be benched....which, unfortunately, is not too far off.

Just ate a nice happy cow filet with red wine reduction. Wish my feet weren't throbbing so I could really cook !! Tomorrow we shall throw down...my 12-in skillet and me.

"Little red bird under a chair, waiting for the crumbs to fall. Daddy said, 'Get a job'. Well don't you see, Daddy, how good I am at catching crumbs ?"

Not tired, must sleep. Long week ahead, and no weekend. Friday is no longer a day off. Sore all over, but I asked for it. Cig, Loveline, sleep...smile, love, remember.

I have to find the superhero I use to be. I can't bring myself to believe it was just the Love of a silly boy that did it.

Having surgery today. I can't wait to be in hospital. I'm not a big fan of surgery. But hospitals feel like home to me. Calming in the chaos.

Aggrevated that I let someone else take me from really happy to hurt and depressed. It's on me to change my reaction to be one of Loveful Me.

Gah, headache. Okay my body's failing me; I'm going to put off work 'til tomorrow and take care of myself now. Ice cream, giant sweater, warm bed...I'm comin'.

I did that shit with spasms, AND after 8 shots of espresso today. WHO DA MAN ?? Beauty school, here I come...right after this next Criminal Minds. <3

Last day at work. I caught myself laughing at something horrific last night. Laughter is how I cope, but...I can't wait to laugh at happy things again.

I need to go back to my live food diet. Not 90% like before, but I bet I could do 75% without losing too much weight..

Gonna be 83 degree today ! Coffee, sunshine, and sweet email from a friend. Day started with love, is continuing, and will end in love.

Some people say pain can be controlled by the mind. I do not agree with these people. It doesn't mean I don't admire them though.

Reading an amazing book called Stranger in a Strange Land. Now I'm listening to Loveline and trying to rest for the god-aweful full day tomorrow.

"I like my chicken fried, a cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up !"

Okay, must sleep. Must work in mere hours...ah who am I kidding ? I don't sleep. Or eat. Just smoke...and work. And love.

Off to a training, not back til Sunday. So tired. So in pain. Starbucks will make it all better, I know it !

"I believe in love. It's just my heart that keeps turning me down. I believe in love, I think it's just fine."

Alright, recharged as it were. If this is a night of no dark dreams; you are a miracle worker too.

I need to be asleep. I get up in....5 hrs ? No idea really. What am I doing again ?

QTD: "'Flower' usually refers to a vulva in general, not virginity or 'cherry popping' as the kids would say." Hahahaha

Again, my company and night are ruined by some physical ailment of mine. I am fucking tired of it.

Today was a much needed day off !! Back to a fake smile tomorrow, but rejuvinated by friends tonight.

Gah, head's pounding. I wish I wasn't in so much pain. It makes the pills that much more tempting...

My most awesome friend just surprise-attacked me with a present of a dark chocolate bacon bar...drool. Best. Moment. Ever.

"I've been high, and I've been down, my head in the clouds and my hands on the ground. "

To be something I am not...that is what I'll be when I grow up. God, it'll be stunning.

Got called in to work tomorrow. At least I don't have to run groups. Bed early tonight.

I guess it all depends on your mood...why can't these meds be any damn good ?

Getting together map, snacks, music, and up-all-night accessories for Hollywood. Will starting driving at 4 am.

I feel emptied out; please rain down on me...darkness and light, come fill me up.

Blah ! Work lots, need money. Not worth it really. I'm loosing the happiness !!

Okay, I'm no good at positivity right now. That's my work "hat". So sue me.

Well anyway, fuck it. I'm gonna die young but happy. Rather than healthy and old.

Okay, so what are the different plans for Friday night in LA ? There's *PROPNAME*...?

Got the new iPhone 3GS. Don't ask how, I won't tell you. But thank you.

Sore throat starting out. Tempted to gargle vodka, but must get some work done.

Okay, people, seriously..."lol" is so blood annoying when you use it on every line.

I think I would be dead without my heating pad. I am completely serious.

"For a moment I love everything I see and think and feel..."

Home...finally. Sooooo tired...gonna get a couple hours before work starts up again.

I am what I make of myself. I am Love. I am.

Wow, fresh air. Crazy. Good day sunshine, you're my favourite star.

Writing, then 2 chapters homework, then bed. Or just Loveline ?