things to remember while watching a scary movie.. 1. the phone line ALWAYS gets cut or cell phones get lost// broken or they never have service 2. the power ALWAYS gets turned off 3. one of the girls gets hurt and miraculously breaks an ankle// leg 4. there

If you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. It can be anything you want! When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you.

i just listened to waiting for my ruca by sublime and it made me think of *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.  ugh, i miss you guys!

so my phone decide that it isn't accepting phone calls at the moment..for now all i have is texts, ugh i hate technology

how did i go from having nothing to do all the time to being unbelievably busy in a matter of 2 days?

oh mysterious man whose voice sounds like seth rogen, i fell in love with you and i didn't even see your face...

i am not one to get into the christmas cheer but damn it i want to watch a charlie brown christmas...

yay...i finally get to see *PROPNAME*'s lovely face and spend the holiday with the *PROPNAME*!!  Wish you were with us *PROPNAME*!!!

is definitely a nerd.  just freaked out on jaye because i thought we left the 3D glasses at the movie store...

Dear rain, I have a wonderful day of boating and friends ahead of me so please go away... Sincerely, Barb

i feel like my insides have turned into goo and are going to seep out my pores at any minute...

is having a competition with the man to see who can finish a word search the fastest...we are nerds

a bar with bright pink walls and mounted deer head...and i got a rose from elvis.  absolutely wonderful night!

is soo sore...but thats what happens when you fall down the stairs and bruise your entire left side:(

what an adventurous night...filled with the natives, crazy screaming men and a half-naked girl...what a great night!!!!!

up earlier than most everyone in EL and trying to study...but chaz stole my damn RED BULL!!

studying until my eyeballs fall out.  have to make up for the two weeks i missed...

going out with the other interns and renee?  tonight is going to be an interesting night...

a reggae band covering one of the best beatles albums?!?!  my life is now complete:)

keep the people of haiti and their families, in your thoughts.  DONATE IF YOU CAN!!

sledding with the kids, death trap of a wooden sled and snowball fights...gotta love michigan!

i just bought books and booked a flight for chaz and i to DENVER!!!

relocated for the last time...still studying but at home.  what a long confusing day:(

i wish things could change...sadly i know they never will.  time to face reality.

i want to go to the bar tonight...is that too much to ask?

girls sitting next to me at the coffee shop are discussing STD's loudly...wonderful.

is pumped to see harry potter with chaz...you are the best bf ever!

yes!!!  its almost been two long years...finally reunited and it feels so good!!

homework and babysitting all day...brought the wii to entertain my two favorite twins!!!

THANKS FOR ALL OF THE BIRTHDAY WISHES EVERYONE!!!  I HAD A GREAT DAY!!!

just realized that i will never get a break from studying// school...

i am stuck in battlecreek for the night...ugh i hate snow sometimes.

we all threw it back forcefully to THE NATIVES tonight...love you jaye!!!

i got bit by a pig yesterday and now my finger hurts...

anyone wanna join me, renee and chaz at the bar tonight?

please stop smoking cigarettes in my house...or i might kill you..

not wearing a bra to the bar is a TERRIBLE idea...

going out with my man to see a play!!  NACHOFEST TOMORRROW!!!!

wish i wouldn't have procrastinated all weekend!!  my paper draft SUCKS...

spending my saturday the best way...at the library with ALEX!

i woke up with the roots stuck in my head...weird

is starting to like her new room in the basement...

having people over tonight...call me if you wanna come over!

what a freaking wonderful night...in both good and bad ways!

a porn star just asked to move into our house...

partying at my place tonight...call me if you wanna join!!

will be at the library for the rest of life...

ahh it is so nice when i am soo productive...

oh i am such a sucker for a nerdy guy...

another adventurous night with the natives...going to holland this time!!!