*has to call the helpdesk for my mobi carrier* to do that I have to charge my phone and to do that I need to find an adaptor. *sigh* why is this holiday so complicated. If it's not one thing that's gone missing, it's another. Or not knowing something that

If my maths is correct, I should have a touch over $3500 to -SPEND- in Japan. That's after airfares, accom, JR pass and possibly some//most activities... but before buying my ticket to the Studio Ghibli Museum. Whooot!

*is in Brunei without a mobile containing international roaming* stupid people who I asked to set it up for me months and months ago... Maybe it's just in the airport though... Hope so.

was really stressing about Visas and stuff for his 6 week vacay... But is no longer after speaking to people and doing stuff, he feels that his holiday should go fairly fine.

Forgot about the Berlin Atheltics occuring this week :S Still. I have a room and it finished with the marathon today so it won't be a problem any more.

Athens (Athina) is pretty cool. Even though I've not yet strayed more than 500m from my hotel :P Here til Friday then Germany gets to see me :S

why does the only major change on the German keyboard *have* to be a 'Y' 'Z' swap? I use the letter y so often. it's annoying.

waaa! It's like only a week until I'm home now... Which means work... Anyone wanna buy my love? :P Nah... you probably couldn't afford me anyway.

my jacket it falling to pieces. But other than that, I'm on track to finish my outfit in time for the con. :P

Is nearly ready to say flipside to Egypt. Just got a Hard Rock Cafe to go :S PS: Still doesn't like anything alcoholic.

*loves the irony* I've been fine for months... Today I feel like Death warmed up... I leave in 13 hours. :S

I knew I shoulda scrapped my cosplay hours ago and claimed the sleep. my mum just laughed at me. Gyah!!!!!

I wonder if my parents will be able to book my flight before I need to get on it.

is wondering why he seems to manage to lose everything that he needs to keep a hold of?

has access to money again. Unfortunately, it appears to have cost him his typing skills :P

is nearing the end of his time in Egypt. Watch out Europe because here I come.

is with rellies... has three days.. is wondering who'll he'll meet next. in UK

I should just dry my hair and get the torture over with already. :P

came Fourth in the Race Around Perth today. is super happy about that.

Do you know that 10 minutes equals 72 hours?

is serverely disappointed about what he just learnt.

Who's up for racing around Perth with me?

108. Nearly in double digits.