anyone know of a good recording of L'elisir D'amore? Everything I've listened to so far has been sort of crap crap crap UNA FURTIVA LAGRIMA crap crap crap crap crap. I know it's the hit song but god is there a recording that's good as a whole unit anywher

just watched *PROPNAME* as *PROPNAME*, something that has forced me to revise my previous low opinion of him. It was great! Right up there with Philip Langridge and *PROPNAME*, which I understand is weird to say seeing as he came first of all. But sti

hungry and got no food but it is cold out so I don't want to go out to get it! Instead I plan to put Safety Dance on repeat. yes yes i will be fed by the power of dance in a strange medieval town

Haha the *PROPNAME* montage where he's talking about how he's a great leader and a really nice person and they're juxtaposing it with all these clips of him being a jerk... so perfect! He's still one of the guys I'm rooting for though.

realized today he had no idea what was in eggnog, and looked it up, secretly expecting to find that it was made from something horrible. It is actually made of far more wonderful ingredients than I ever could have imagined!

just saw Thirst. It was dark when I got out, and I was by myself, so I jogged part of the way home. Hell if I know why...scary wouldn't really be the word for that movie I don't think...

Okay, songs for bass//low baritone and orchestra: Songs and Dances of Death The Vagabond Le Bal Masque Old American Songs Ich Habe Genug The Ravel and Ibert Don Quixote cycles then all those Mozart concert arias what else?

was a huge baby when he had his wisdom teeth out a few years ago. Just splayed out on the couch whining constantly. His sister, however, had them out today and treated it like it was nothing!

It's pretty amazing how many hours are required to organize a presentation that is going to last no more than twenty minutes. This would be so much simpler if I could just call Haydn as a witness.

Every time I log in to something and I see one of those checkboxes next to the words "Remember Me," I can't help but think - ever so briefly - "but ahhhhh, for-r-ge-et my faaate."

After the competition, went to the zoo. THE ZOO. Talked to THE ANIMALS. "Oh my God, look at you! You are tiny! HAHA you are a FROG! Oh wow high five frog."

1. On campus housing TOO EXPENSIVE. 2. There is no fat or sugar in this house how is life possible. 3. So many stupid looking dogs SO MANY STUPID LOOKING DOGS

Wow, *PROPNAME*...I've never heard anything quite like that in person! My search for similar sounds has led me to *PROPNAME*, so very productive post-concert internet session. SO COOL

Does anyone else spend waaay too much time worrying about what aria to start an audition with? Or is it an irrelevant point and I'm just stupid? Grrrrrr

"*PROPNAME* Teaches Trying?" *PROPNAME*, sometimes in your ceaseless effort to provide a slightly more depressing take on various topics, you come up with a bit of a stretch.

stupid light vegetable and noodle soup you are the worst soup have you not heard of flavor i bet you've never even heard of the gym

*PROPNAME* more convincing as the king than *PROPNAME*? Wow... I mean he's good and all, but I sure know one source of reviews to ignore now

No more student tickets for opening night at the lyric opera! Hmm... How unmissable is tomorrow going to be? I'm thinking I may go anyway.

My first thought was "wow, everybody is having birthdays at once...what a coincidence!" Then I remembered all of those profiles we made for Threepenny...

"The eternal passion stretches me apart" ---> "The eternal puhsshuun stroechuuz muh apoooooohh!" Music by *PROPNAME*. Revisions brought to you by the letter F.

after months of failure, I am going to try to come up to LA for a day before everybody disappears. I'm thinking this Friday?

Hahahha Mad Men. "You can't sing." "Take that back...I quit the Tigertones because I had mono." "I am so high right now." hahaahaha

feels pretty ooky, but is going to try to power through and sing in everything tomorrow anyway. Good idea? Let's watch!

just lost an hour to scramble when he should have been packing. How are people getting such high scores? Ahhhh

hmm how far is it reasonable to go to get a hard to find arrangement that you really want?

oh huh, this is 4th of July weekend coming up? Probably not the best time to try coming up...

was PERFECTLY noctural today. My sleep schedule is the worst it has ever been ever! Ugggggggggg...

is gonna be eating various kinds of wraps for every meal for a while now.

just ate a ton of sugar woaaahhh... Explain to me again why I'm not ripped?

Was just blown away by a Schumann symphony...what? I don't know what to believe anymore...

Airplane time soon, it's a vehicle that flies, but that's not important right now. Hahahahahah...hahah...

wishes people could just agree on one perfect technique and have done with it!

In The Loop on Opera: “It's just vowels, subsidized foreign f***ing vowels.” Hahahahaha

god I can't even look at nfcs. confused enough as it is!

passed all three of his entrance exams for theory and history yessss

cooked with shiitake mushrooms for the first time today. they're so smelly!

so happy! dum duh duh DA dadadada dm dm dm dm

is on a SERIOUS hans hotter kick right now...recovery is uncertain...

just watched Der Rosenkavalier for the first time OH MY GOD

ugg calling in sick is a surprising amount of work

Dead Like Me is such a fun concept executed so...disappointingly.

*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are doing Dr. *PROPNAME*'s *PROPNAME* Songs? eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

Oh right, there is a diction exam tomorrow. Huh.

WOAH, tough day! GO GO GO REGROUP DOMINATE AHHHHH

saw Corialanus at the Globe today. Now where's Dido?

Wow, major insomnia attack. Might be a nocturnal weekend.

Ecco la marcia ...la marcia marcia arcia cia a...

*PROPNAME*, it's like you aimed just left of funny.

Time to get my final wisdom tooth out :(

it's a bird, it's a plane, it's a BIRDPLANE