in times that are tough you really learn something new about yoursrlf, your life, the path your taking and the people around you. im happy for this and my life is great at this very moment i dont want it to change anything.  this is a new chapter!!!

just a question to all off my friends!!! do you think that a REAL INDIGO would be racist???? i thought we were here to help others not put them into a catagory where we critisize people over something they have no control over i find this quite disturbing

didnt even realise Bendigo cup was on 2morrow hahaha need to get updated with the times :) anyways got portraits today and they were absolutly fantastic!!! hmmm what can i do 2morrow, got alot of housework to catch up on which sucks bigtime :( its never ending!

How many really know what love is? Millions never will Do you know until you lose it That it's everything that we are looking for When I wake up in the morning You're beside me I'm so thankful that I found Everything that I been looking for

Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.” Tolkein (lord of the rings)

Free your mind, Freen your thought, think outside the box, we have to restore balance in the world or we will cease to exist come on think about what is really going on in the world can we afford to be so selfish!!!

"look not from the mind, but from the soul. For the life that is coming is already before us, waiting to open up the world. just look more closely. find the eyes to see."

“I do not love the bright sword for it's sharpness, nor the arrow for it's swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend” Tolkein (lord of the rings)

+ Being able to relate to or think about the unknown is half the battle of expanding your spiritual beliefs. Having the opportunity to experience it personally is the other half. - *PROPNAME*

some people really get under my skin, i love intellegence at the same time have a low tolerance for stupidity, on the upside i got myself some new books and remedies to test!!!

The key to realizing a dream is to focus not on success but significance - and then even the small steps and little victories along your path will take on greater meaning.

cannot believe some people!!! you do nice things for someone and they take you for granted! well this is the last straw for me NO MORE will i help this person!

cant wait till MAGICK HAPPENS!!! taking ash and my little girl with me!!! anyways off to bed to dream my night away :) nite all FB friends! sweet dreams

Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born

got stuck writing my book, listening to staind & Muse lost track of thee Bloody Time! now im stuck in my own little world i have created!

º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„Pass It On º¤ø

Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under your status

is going to see 2012 tonight woo hoo!!! been waiting to see this, it would be interesting to see if nostradamus predictions come true in 2012!!!

had a good day out, met family from mauritius i didnt know i had, brought amber nearly an entire new wardrobe, bike and other goodies!!!

cant sleep and looking for some inspiration but yet im so tired, i need to finish this chapter! im gonna regret this later today!

is cooking home made chilli, lime and corriander burgers yummm feel like a beer and some poker just no-one to play it with :(

had a really great day at nan howarth's with the whole family yesterday :) now off to nanna and poppi khoo's today YAY :)

YAY *PROPNAME* is fast asleep already!!! that's wat happens wen tarnisha puts toys in her cot wen they are supposed to be sleeping!

In the night garden is not 4 kids!Upsydaisy & igglepiggle kissin in the pinkyponk,tombliboos always strippin,pontipines have 8 kids & maccapacca has OCD!

i came to win to fight to conquor to thrive, i came to win to survive to prosper i came to FLY

i really hate spiders just found a heap of massive black ones on the outside of the house i mean MASSIVE :(

is having pepper steak with baby honey carrots, steamed zuccini, brocolini, eggplant and baby potato's with red wine gravy soooo gooood!!!

off to bed so tired and i cant wait till tomorrow HAPPY BIRTHDAY Ash i love you so so much! xoxoxo

Finally got the net back on!!!! BUTTT left my camera with my funky pics from the w//e in Bendi ): owell!

did some christmas deco shopping and got amber a singing elmo stocking....i so wish i didnt do that now hahaha

is having a bad day why am i so Agro...i think the moon is taking its affect on me already!!!

had a great day shopping got some new dresses and amber new clothes havin a beer and chillaxin now

is bloody tired!!! taking *PROPNAME* to the beach tomorrow :) i even brought her a bucket with spades lol

amber likes Beyonce its funny, everytime i put one of her songs she starts dancing like crazy and singing

just finished my house duties now going to have a cuppa and chill back with my little girl

it has been a very interesting day so far.....havin a ball!!!!! poor sandy nearly got hit by lightening

is about to start reading my new book~library of the dead by glenn cooper seems very interesting :)

Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.

WHERE THE HELL IS DANI WATSON???? i need my purse back i have to go grocery shopping GRRRRRRrrrrrr

its friggin hot and it will be like this till moday arrrggghhh so sleepin in the loungeroom 2nite!

*PROPNAME* decided it would be good fun to spill noodles all over her and all over the floor!

heading home in a minute then off to look at bikes for bee's birthday in the morning!

Getting my tattoo drawn up today! so excited, mite get a peircing while im out and about!

amber decided it would be fun to steal an egg and smash it on the carpet ):

my sketch is getting done and im off to get my first tatt next monday wooo hoo

and ash have been outside cleaning the yard and making a rabbit hut for amber :)

wants to plan a kid city day for the little ones next month who is interested???

wants ash to get his butt out of bed so we can go and do something!!!

just made the best citrus cous cous salad for tea with pumpkin and potato croquettes yumm

is headin to bed in a min, im so tired tonight! wonder what tomorrow brings :)