I don't want to miss this weekend, but i might have to.... shitty weather and my hubby can't work today.... I think I might cry cause I really, REALLY wanted to go..... why did I ask for snow? I only wanted a little!

I think my part of the RP forum is done... we will need some moderators so anyone interested please send a meassage to me on here and I will get you set up with an account and send a linky.... thanks!

The siren in Reedsburg keeps going off. It's not the normal noonblast siren, it sounds like an air-raid siren and continued for 10 minutes. Can anyone tell me how to find out what the damn things mean?

just woke up to half an inch of snow and is so happy, she's going outside in her pajamas to sweep it off her porch! That's no sarcasm folks..... I'm really excited. :) 5 days!

6 more days.... I'm counting down! And bah on all you snow-haters. All I know is I don't have to shovel this year, thanks to my loving hubby. Thank you hubby :)

bought her 2010 Farmer's Almanac today.... horray for not having to write down every single sunrise, sunset, moonrise, moonset, and void of course pattern for next year! wOOt!

It never fails... I go to lay my son down for a nap and someone inevitably begins pounding on something, making it impossible for him to sleep.

was NOT able to push her wedding date back to the fourth of September. The presiding judge was full-up. The date remains August 28th at 4:15.

is sick and tired of people who comment on every SINGLE status update, no matter how INSIGNIFICANT. We've been here before, you know who you are.

is thinking that the poor girls doing that "single ladies" are getting dissed too much. I've seen younger girls doing lewder dances with less clothes. Seriously.

doesn't want every status commented on. once in a while is fine but EVERY status? It's starting to get annoying. You know who you are.

To celebrate Valentine's Day, change your  profile picture to you and your spouse//significant other, and make sure  to tell how long you've been together!

going to be another long and boring week. So glad i don't have to go anywhere for a few months after this weekend.

finally found out who got her hubby and kid sick... and is pissed that she didn't find out until her son started puking.

work on the forum is done for today..... now time to get lunch for me, connor and the baby and watch Wall-E again.....

is a little upset about the amount of snow, and hopes she gets enough birthday money to visit her parents this weekend.

I should have gone to bed earlier than 1:30 am..... guess I forgot that *PROPNAME* was going to be up at 7....

doesn't know how to cope with all of this stress... I think I've cried about 10 times in the last 3 days...

Tommorrow, I turn 21. I'm super excited. And I can't wait for 4 pm to roll around..... Mercer, here I come!

is sick.....still. And possibly jobless in 2 weeks. That is, if no more positions open up for me at Wal-mart.

still getting over that cold from last week.... but hey at least everyone's laid off the "quit smoking!" bit....

is a little upset about not being able to get a good connection all day. I'll try again tonight....

stayed home from work to take care of her hubby. By the way, the yorkie babies are so ADORABLE!

is drowsy still... at least I managed to get 8 hours of sleep last night... a rarity these days.

new profile image..... and the funny thing is, now that i think about... *PROPNAME* IS a lot like *PROPNAME*.....

4 days folks, then up to mercer with my son and my loving hubby. I love you, hubby :)

Sends out yuletide greetings to all her friends! I love you all and have a very merry holiday!

knows what connor got from her.... he is such a little drama king, screaming bloody murder at time-outs!

found out The Used put out a new album this past year. How did I miss that one?

PANTS ON THE GROUND! PANTS ON THE GROUND! LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WITH YOUR PANTS ON THE GROUND!

smells justice has been served. What goes around comes around, and it definately came around for you, *PROPNAME*!

wonders if its just coincidence that mine and my best friend's birthdays are EXACTLY twoo weeks apart.

is waiting for August 28th at 4:15. Horray for the beginning of the rest of my life!

Wishes she could post her awesome playlist to gaia but can't figure out the coding for it.

Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes and the cards. You guys made last week special. :)

is at home on her first scheduled day off. And I'm bored out of my mind.

wishes vampire wars didn't take so long to put monies and energy back to your character.

hopes that wal-mart hires her, now realizing her blouse was open during part of the interview.

well, my kid and *PROPNAME* are better now..... just waiting for it to hit me...

I am the eggman, they are the eggman, I am the walrus! Coo Coo Cachu!

is eating stroganoff, waiting for her hubby to come home and then maybe some sleep.

needs someone to drink for her on Dec. 12th since I'm pregnant and can't... lol

Hopes no one else bought a baby book for *PROPNAME*... I'm up to three now!

Going to grandma b's for dinner, then to sheboygan falls tomorrow... .what a busy weekend

Well, Reedsburg certainly has an interesting way of plowing the streets..... 2 more days.

More walls! More floors! I need to make the sims 2 even more amazing!!!!

can finally be on the net at the same time as her husband.... hooray!

Finally! Snow in Reedsburg. I'm so happy there's gonna be snow on my birthday!

would work a spell if not for the moon being void of course...

ugh... i hate this. Why is sleep such an issue when you're pregnant?