"I've always loved the flirtatious tango of consonants and vowels, the sturdy dependability of nouns and capricious whimsy of verbs, the strutting pageantry of the adjective and the flitting evanescence of the adverb, all kept safe and orderly by those re

No one in ZOMBIELAND should die because they cannot afford a chainsaw, and no one should go broke because they get bit. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.

No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.

"We know nothing about their language, their history or what they look like. But we can assume this: they stand for everything we don't stand for. Also they told me you guys look like dorks!"

"I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments."

And sweating like demons they scream through our speakers But we leave the sound on 'cause silence is harder

You would think by now I would have learned to not answer the door, when Insomnia knocks

“Being drunk is a good disguise. I drink so I can talk to assholes. This includes me.”

If there's no one beside you when your soul embarks. Then I'll follow you into the dark

want's to have my cake and eat it too.  Also, a prize hidden in the center.

Sometimes I think a Busou Renkin cosplay would be hilarious, then I stop and remember Papillon

All Hail the king of dunces. You best hold on I am opening up my mouth

"Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box, they tumble blindly as ..."

Sweet tendrils grasp at my breath. Enticing wisps of freedom.  Euphoria escapes in an exhalation

Like a madman laughing at the rain. A little out of touch, a little insane

If anyone is going to be on campus, please contact me (Preferably by text).

Back into playing DDO.  Anyone interested in joining in hit me up on aim

Was not aware of the streaming video at the ECA meeting last night....

Even at such a young age, I understood the weight of the World

"On the Radio" is playing on the radio.  *insert ever so slight chuckle*

Does my insomnia breed mania or does my mania quell my fatigue?

- I would really enjoy a Limit Break of the valorous nature

I am a somewhat Dark//Morbid Individual, and yet Nana makes me cringe...

La Dee Dee 1 2 3 *PROPNAME* the Half a Bee

From Anomynous: "These vampires need to either get naked or die"

Sleeping children fear not for the Sun brings a new day

has to wonder if West Allis is still manufacturing bomb parts

As a side note: this is some Delicious Mac & Cheese!

There be a baker's dozen of Turkeys in my backyard

"Really? You have to remind yourself to raise American Spirits?"

Looking for the light at the end of the tunnel

I have to admit SWtOR has one awesome trailer

"You can't blame Mad Scientists for doing mad science"

I think I just dreamt about trade and commerce...

"The Queen says no to pot smoking FBI members"

Only theater in the area is in Chicago....

I think I need a new Spirit Animal

I do not understand my fascination with horoscopes

Really do not care for my hyper metabolism

Lets make the most of this Year

Anyone participating in Allods Online Closed Beta?

Still need to see Across the Universe

is a Fool but also a Dreamer

And now I am covered in glitter...

I think I need a new MMO...

This cat will not leave me alone...

"I have a $1.57 and a nickel"

Fear and panic in the air

can't wait for the ex x-box

Can't Sleep, clown will eat me