now knows that *PROPNAME* in his underwear is not enough to carry a movie for me anymore.  I don't blame the writers as much as I blame the director for not putting him in briefs.

now knows that *PROPNAME* in his underwear is not enough to carry a movie for me anymore.  I don't blame the writers as much as I blame the director for not putting him in briefs.

killed tonight!  as soon as the powers that be crack open the door, *PROPNAME* is busting through that mofo!  Thanks for the support.  See you all at the Downtown Comedy Club Friday and Saturday.

was ready to run around aimlessly in the City today but the rain is seeing that that doesn't happen.  I am glad to live in Cali more and more on days like this.

is hosting the preshow at the Downtown Comedy Club this Friday, next Friday and next Saturday.  It's ladies' month at the comedy club but you can hear your boy bring them out!

cuts with his right hand and eats with his left.  So, now that he has almost cut off his left index finger, he is finding it slightly challenging to eat his dinner.

thanks you all for the love so far.  Please keep it up and watch my shit!  i will post part 3 tonight.  put the kids to bed before you watch it.

wants to see all your asses who are in LA at the Pig N Whistle this Tuesday at 7:30 pm.  6714 Hollywood Blvd. $10. I am HOSTING THE MOTHERFUCKING SHOW.

learned two very important life mantras: 1. Treat others as THEY want to be treated, not as you want to be treated yourself.  2. Fight principles, not opponents.

is at the Underground Comedy Lounge in Downtown LA this Wednesday at 8 and the Downtown comedy Club this Friday and Saturday at 9pm.  See you all there!

y'all made it happen.  got the numbers in the triple digits in under 2 days!  the second clip is gonna be up within an hour!!  get at me.

had another solid show at the DTCC.  Love to *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* (and Mo in her absence) and all my funny buddies who also took the stage.

is hosting *PROPNAME*'s Room at the Comic Strip Live this Friday at 6!  Come see me and my superfriends rock the joint and preparty with us!

would like to meet the man who thought that 8am was an acceptable time to start a meeting on Saturday.  (By meet, I mean shank).

is back at it again at the PIG N WHISTLE!!! 7:30pm.  $5 + 1 drink.  Funny shit.  Be there and watch me do my thing.

wants you all to come see him tonight at the Downtown Comedy Club.  I'm bringin the ladies up proper!  See you at 8 downtown!

is telling jokes tomorrow night at the Pig N Whistle in Hollywood.  7:30pm.  $10 cover and no drink minimum.  Be effing there or else.

got a new blackberry to hold him over until he can get the droid.  not everyone's phone numbers are making the switch.  just saying...

has one final part of his routine to release.  He will try to get to that sometime tomorrow.  Keep watching the other stuff though!

is not participating in society today.  If that is a problem, you are free to leave a message with the receptionist I don't have.

is diggin "Who I Am" by *PROPNAME* and the Administration.   It's a surprisingly mature and grown up album and the guitars are insane.

is coming to New York City in late October.  Shout out to KWeeze and the kids from the Comic Strip!  Get at me.

saw *PROPNAME* yesterday.  More importantly, he saw a bum scream,  "If you ever touched my sister I'd fuck you up" to *PROPNAME* yesterday.

almost sliced his finger to the white meat.  APparently OJ's knife techniques don't work on pepper jack cheese, only on white girls (allegedly).

SAT proctor by day//stand-up comic by night.  Come to the Downtown Comedy Club tonight and see me and my friends put in work!

put in work again last night at the Pig N Whistle. Thakns to those who came.  Next week, he should be hosting.

reminds all y'all SoCal folk to bring ya asses to the Pig N Whistle tomorrow.   7:30.  I am hosting.  6714 Hollywood Blvd.

had a solid set tonight at Wild Wednesdays.  Get ready for the long version Friday and Saturday at the Downtown Comedy Club!

will post part 2 of his set after his views are in the triple digits.  y'all don't wanna miss this next bit!

has heard *PROPNAME*'s tragic call to keep my shit together and live life properly. Love those you have and avoid drama.

is sick of people having good Mondays.  Get the memo people -- you're supposed to be cursing the skies! ...God bless.

remembers with gratitude a specific Thanksgiving involving two cool kids from Humboldt County in New Jersey and Massachusetts.  Blessings to all.

heard that *PROPNAME* is headed back to the WWE temporarily and literally almost peed in his pants with Glee.  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

is standing up to begin the year.  See you all at the Downtown Comedy Club in an hour.  Ready? Go.

needs to find someone to twist his hair and start his dreads.  anyone in the LA area worthy of recommendation?

is trying to figure out the tornado winds outside right now.  This is LA people.  Let us not forget.

is holding out hope that the steelers can sneak into the playoffs even though they clearly don't deserve it.

wtf is up with the mlb playoffs?  every team that advanced has a ridiculous 9th inning comeback story.  wow!

is expecting everyone in LA at the Downtown Comedy Club tonight and//or tomorrow night for these jokes, yo.

needs thirteen more of you motherfuckers to watch my new video before you get the new jokes.  www.youtube.com//JulesM35

is at the Unerground Comedy Lounge tonight in downtown LA.   8pm.  Come if you can stand to laugh.

is headed to new York City tomorrow!  Gladys's room stand up!  i will see you all on Friday!

is taking suggestions for blog post for the new Planet Jules website.  What do y'all want to see//hear?

wants a Droid but has to wait almost a year for the new every two to kick in.

wants you to come tomorrow night at 7:30pm to the Downtown Comedy Club and hear these jokes!!

enjoyed himself at Wild Wednesdays.  Big ups to Martini and *PROPNAME*.  Let's hope they invite me back.

really thought he lived in Los Angeles but, judging from the HAIL OUTSIDE, he was obviously mistaken.

can give the Dodgers his full attention now that he is marginally satisfied by a Laker victory.

finally got his bio up on a comedy club website.  Downtown Comedy Club is the shit!

so Tiger Woods was in a car accident today.  Driver was always his least reliable asset.