Some phone no. from San Ramon called and I was excited to answer as I thought it was the school district, only to hear that they were looking for a *PROPNAME*. Boo :// ...*PROPNAME*

Student: Can I turn this assignment in late and still get full credit? Ms. T: Nope. Student: I'll give you an apple? Ms. T: Too cliche. Student: ..How 'bout a pineapple?

Fun time with BG at "Nightlife" Academy of Science. Drinking some wine, gazing at stars, observing an albino alligator, and dancing to some bongo-beats! Craazy mix

Good deal on my New Years 'fit and my first good pair of 4 inch pumps! Lets see if I survive the night...haha

About to use my new alarm clock that projects time on the ceiling ;p Laziest thing ever and I'm gonna love it!

wants to practice her markswoman skills. Wonders if there are any archery classes in this neck of the woods ...      D------ -

doesn't like it when things don't go according to plan, but is grateful for her ability to improvise :p

Dad tells me that he listens to "Gin and Juice" on his way to work sometimes. I lol'd

hopes it will snow in Concord again this week. That was the highlight of the day for sure!

Guy in a "peace-sign" truck tailgates then cuts me off on the freeway. Some act of kindness a-hole.

"But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things."

just as I remembered...rockclimbing is the shizz! Now I'm amp'd for the work week. ;D

the classroom didn't feel like a sauna or smell like sweaty sock-house today. Whoohooo!

Congratulations to *PROPNAME*, 2009 Graduate! Whoohooo! Keep reachin' for the stars broder :D

working on a few art projects ;D Ideas//Inspirations//Dreams are welcomed! ...

Visiting mah' parents...ready to play Beatles Rockband with muh' brothas. haha

is really excited about arranging and decorating the classroom today :p

is drinking ice tea by the pool ... like a boss

Brother says I look like a Russian spy right now. lol!

Going to the golfing range with Papa-Diddy Pops :)

Walgreens all out of the flu vaccine...Plan B...vitamins(?)

will try my hands at sushi makin' :p

"Baby I've got you on my mind..." O_<

Feels like punching something. What should it be?

is happy Southwest found her luggage today!

"Forever young, I wanna be, forever young..."

No matter what, you've got to strut

Dirt Divas championships, then off to Denver!

When one door closes, another one opens...

needs to fight off this cold o_O

Can't wait for Casablanca theme night!!

Someone give Lady Gaga a bandaid!!!

I'm just sippin on chamomile...

is no longer at *PROPNAME*.

wants an ice cold beer!!

Get up and get out