It's WAYBACK WEEK! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! Let's have fun and get everyone to do it. Copy and paste this to your status!

just bought her first car, 2006 mazda3 only 15000 miles!!! kinda worrying that somehow somethings just gonna fall off of it, great price for a car that someone oviously never drove.

You want to play house you got to have a job. You want to play nice house, very sweet house, you got to have a job you don't like.

i have 8 invites to give out to Google Wave. write your email if your interested in being part of the first to get accounts!

left her purse on the train yesterday and it was given to the lost and found!! makes me still belive in the goodness of people.

is wondering if anyone from the burbs is going down to u of i this weekend? party before the youngins start class?

is excited for the best holiday of the year... Dranksgiving at the Dupage Inn. call to join the festivus

is very angry that she cant figure out how to get pictures up of my super awesome colorado trip

is taking advantage of dollar pitchers at the public house... call to join me on this awesome deal

can see the strike at u of i on the quad cam... first good use of this thing

anyone have my gray wool coat? or remember the last time you saw it last night.... opps

tryed to buy a car at LISTED price and still couldnt... i dont understand the car industry

finds it funny that the rule of the road change to survival in the snow storm

what are other sites to look for a job (other than the obvious monster and careerbuilder)........????

is loving that The Santa Clause with tim allen is on tv, great 90s classic

wants the "22kt gold star trek commander Spock card" in the ad to my right.

i am uneligible for car insurance bc of the other people i live with... great

has a 2X2 bruise from falling at legends...largest i can remember ever having. ow

never thought helping with burning gift wedding cds would be so terribly difficult

U of I or Bust! call me if your in chambana please :)

hates being sick... wheres my miracle cure? please send if you find it

"beer bong for my lady?" what gentleman are on the wisconsin river

is wondering what everyones doing tonight.. and can i invite myself? lol

great weekend filled with tailgating, wine trails, and lots of laughs!

is going on a road trip to CO! wish me luck

loving the drunk messages i got tonight! hilerious.. love my friends

ballydoyle trivia tonight at 9 ish, call if your interested!

heading to the Paign for tomm night... better be ready

is watching obama represent Chicago2016... fingers crossed for tomm afternoon!

is bored in her own home... come and save me

can't believe shes not returning to the u of i

anyone doing anything earlier tonight? call me im lonely :)

is looking for someone to watch a movie with...possibly *PROPNAME*?

is going to be a great SIU groupie

is taking a nap and dreamin of *PROPNAME*

went camping and canoeing for the weekend :)

would love a rainbow race right now! :(

went into the shower with my new watch..oops

woke up to the terrible olympic news :(

have to admit... zombieland was pretty good

ballydoyles trivia tonight? call if your in!

is wondering whats happening for the weekend

is going to have rocky mountain dreams

is so careful, i cant move

is desperately bored..entertain me please