"May we suggest giving away what you don't use or need to someone who will worship it by utilizing its potential? If there are things you need, ask your friends first before you add your dollars to the bonfire of consumerism." -- Best.Cookbook.Ever.

"There's so much that I have to learn, I hope it won't be hard, and I hope it will be snowing on the day they make me tzar!"

"The creature took the form of a lovely maiden with the idea of bewitching us with her many charms, in the hope that she might get our fish."

is having trouble making sense of her coursework: "Three feet of new powder on a stable base has made the tree skiing orgasmic." Er....

Thinking about digging out the firepit for a post New Year's bonfire. Will folks be around// interested in putting together some sort of shindig?

had not realized the degree to which packing boxes is like putting together a puzzle in 3-D. Now it's much more fun!

striding forth, undaunted, unafraid, toward the uttermost frontier of thought where wisdom lures me on. O pioneer!

unfortunately, folk songs in the autumn grass will always trump paper writing. Back to work for me!

The Iliad: 59 pages in, and I finally finished the translator's introduction to the work. Progress!

"Today you courted beauty and a thousand fishes rained at your feet. How do you feel?"

was disturbed to come to the realization that the Dao is the Game. Life is cruel.

can't decide if she's using laundry to avoid doing homework or homework to avoid doing laundry.

wants 1000 points so she can win a real tank. Damn, that's a good movie.

"You coud tell by our soft feet that we were strangers in the land."

40° weather the day I leave for Oregon? Maine, you are a fickle mistress.

owned her bio test, now off to read *PROPNAME* in a tree somewhere.

In conclusion, both of my roommates check facebook more frequently than I.

danced on the grass while musicians on the roof serenaded the night.

was surprised and pleased to meet *PROPNAME*'s freshman roommate in the bookstore.

did not expect to end up on a campus tour. Huh.

was digging in the dirt today, and earned her supper.

has no name and is part of the kollective.

has been wild a-rumpusing! Happy fall break to all.

is climbing a tree in search of a fish.

"Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits."

seems to have acquired a mad swank bike.

playing guitar and howling at the moon.

+4 modifier to cuddle puddle optimization. Yay!

has sacked the hallowed heights of Ilion.

Thank you for the kind sentiments, all!

got some blisters in the garden today.

Huh, chestnuts look eerily like brains...

Aah, the novelty of clipping coupons.

Tentatively has a new// old job.

got lost and bought a plant!

Happy Summer Solstice to all!

wants to be an emergentist!

learning all about self-liberation. Hooray!