It'll take a lot of convincing before I'll even THINK about watching Caprica. Reimagined Battlestar can KMA. I might change my mind if the writters demonstrate they're capable of keeping the plot details straight through the whole series. Thoughts anyone?

I'm still mad that I got into Jazz Band (the good one even) but I can't do it because of Thermo. THIS IS THE FIRST TEMR OF COLLEGE I WILL NOT GET TO PLAY MUSIC. GRAWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!

Who wants free stuff? The more I get rid of, the less I have to move. Dresser? Coat Rack? Shelves? Desk? Bathroom Stereo? Really people, you're doing me a favor by just taking it.

I talked to a guy today who was convinced chemical engineering was "mixing elements to make things that use chemicals." Might make more sense if he didn't mean it literally. Oh well.

is amazed out how more effective individual updates are at getting rid of his possessions than a single photo album. Only two more pieces of furniture to go!

Next term I'll have a lab and get to do SCIENCE every day. Until then I have a cube and get to do HOMEWORK every day.

hates the person downstairs. I'm trying to work up here. I don't need you singing a vocalese while you're gargling at the sink. I mean really...

If you split a raw almond in your mouth, the halves are completely smooth on the inside. Why does this never lose its novelty?

got into Jazz Band. Rehearsal is at 2:30. Have to bus home to get my horn. So much for getting work done today.

Just went skateboarding for the first time in my life. It'll be a few days practice before I can make it through campus.

I know Grad School is having an effect on me when I read my vending machine selection as "C-naught". Mmm Ritz bits.

I find it frustrating when non friends post pictures of friends; it leaves me without the option of leaving snarky comments. *grumble*

is mad that the store was out of wonton rolls. DO NOT FRY SPRINGROLL WRAPPERS. It will not work.

just realized it's a lot easier to breathe when you don't live in the grass-seed capital of the world.

is sick of removing quiz results from his news feed. Please friends, just share the ones you reeeeaaaaaaaly like.

just got drunk with the Germans in his suite. Maybe there's something to grad dorms after all.

Westbound on the Mass Pike you see signs for Springfield and Albany; almost like being in Oregon.

Why is it impossible to sit in the tub with the shower on and not feel emo?

No, I'm sorry; a manometer is not a device that goes off when *PROPNAME* is nearby.

thought everyone might like to know he was voted biggest nerd out of all the ChEs...

is mad that the fair ended up being more about mud than anything else.

Set up a mobile router. Was way easier than I thought it would be.

just set up network printing even though everyone said it was impossible. HA!

broke a $900 piece of equipment today. *sigh* live and learn.

Who wants a FREE TV? Please just come and take it!!!

is high on swing dance. 'cept it's really late now...

s first day of work was rough. Nice, but rough.

Wow, campus eye doctor is really fast. Go UMass!

. iphone 3.0 release a DAY LATE? FU!

Woo. New glasses will be ready next week!

finally remembers the meaning of summertime Friday nights.

wonders why more people don't say "twenty ten"

Woot. One craigslist adventure down; one to go!

sure hopes Venture Bros. goes into season 5.

s world is rocked with the ht820.

I highly reccommend *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME* rules.

<3s feeding time at the aquarium.

Whaaaat? I actually liked Avatar?

Damn feeder valve keeps clogging.

made eggrolls the right way.

s gf likes everything, apparently.

: saved by Wolfram Alpha.