jumping on the lyrics-for-status bandwagon: Don't let apathy police the populace, we will march across those stereotypes that were marked for us. The answer's obvious; we switch the consonants and change the "sword" to "words" and lift continents.  9//11 <3

is having fun learning the 12 Principles of Animation.  Also, I drove on a road for the first time yesterday.  Don't worry; it was just a few blocks, and everyone should be back on their feet in no time.  ;)

LOVED the new Family Guy the other night.  Watching the Disney scene was a lot of fun.  On that note, it's all animated in Korea.  What is up with that?  Can't we animate our own shows in our own country?!

s weird cat came inside not for a bowl of food, but for a bowl of water.  I poured some water over near where he was outside and he came trotting over straight into my arms!  XD

Wow, DA is tossing out achievements like crazy.  Good ones, too.  Also, I cannot type today to save my life.  I can't tell you how many times I had to hit the backspace while typing this. X-l

can't believe how many restaurants and stores didn't have their flags at half-staff today!  How can you possibly forget what today is, especially if the building right next to you has theirs at half-staff?  9//11 <3

had only 5 hours of sleep last night and somehow feels fine, but will have 7-8 hours of sleep on schooldays and cannot seem to wake up in the morning.  What the crap is that??

s mom is playing Scrabble.  Mom: "What the heck does 'rehem' mean?  Oh, wait; that was my word."  I think she needs to go lay down like *PROPNAME* for a little while.

New Bones yesterday, new Soup and Dog Whisperer tonight, and new Simpsons and Family Guy Sunday!  And I've brought my science grade up from an 84 to a 91!  WOOOO!

has only 8 more days to use the government's money.  Anyone want me to go run the water and waste some more of their money?  Got any grudges?   ;)

Hmm, that wasn't too bad. Had me worried for a minute.  I've certainly seen worse endings. Like freakin' Fallen! Seriously, what the crap was that?! Anyways, not bad. ^^

just found an organization called Think Before You Speak that flips out about people saying, "that's gay," claiming that it's offensive.  That's pretty gay, if you ask me.                                                                                    

finds it funny how absolutely Kung Fu Panda dominated the *PROPNAME* last year.  Even WALL-E didn't stand a chance!  (Oh, yeah, that's what *PROPNAME* was named after. ;)

got her game fixed!  Almost done, now...just a few more rooms, then off to the evil dragon!  I have a feeling something bad's gonna happen.  Just a hunch...

just watched a documentary on 9//11 conspiracy theorists.  Those have got to be the most low-down, small-minded, egotistical, self-centered, uncaring, ignorant, heartless monsters I have ever seen.

thinks that maybe if more real guys were more like *PROPNAME* from Dragon Age, she might be more willing to date.  Yes, I seriously just said that.

stayed up to finish The Kite Runner last night, probably around four in the morning.  I'm not sure because I don't have a clock up there! lol

s little sister told her that she could "ride her tricycle with no handlebars."  As long as you don't start singing their more political songs, sweetie.  :P

spent 1 hour in the car, 2 hours in Potomac Mills, only went to 2 stores, and got just a cup out of the whole day.  WOW.

finally found her tea diffuser!  It's tea time, biyotch!  ...Hmm, am I allowed to say that?  Guess I'll find out when I'm grounded for a week...  ;)

Ugh, nevermind.  Got stuck and had to backtrack.  Might as well do all the side quests while I'm at it.  Maybe I'll finish by freaking Friday...

s mom can't find a cheap orange Jansport backpack online because *PROPNAME* used one in Twilight, so everyone's paying top-dollar for them.  Hilarious.  :D

s back does not like to tan (or sunburn) evenly!  My back is splotchy again, and this time I didn't even use sunscreen!  >:(

The girl walking me to my classes today asked me if I played any sports.  HAHAHAHA HA ha ha ha...Ahh, that's funny.  Silly cheerleaders.

can't remember the name of that agility school in WV and can't find it on the Internet!  Anyone else remember?  Dad or MJ?

The early bird gets the worm...but the second mouse gets the cheese in the trap.  Words to live by.  I do, at least.

Why? Why does BioWare have to be so mean to me? I KNOW Mass Effect 2 is out! Leave me alone! DX

found out that Jolly Pirate Donuts near her house in WV was the one shown on that Smoking Gun episode!  Awesome! ^^

is in Valdosta tomorrow, then to St. Augustine Saturday, then back to Valdosta Sunday, and back home to Charleston Sunday, too.

Serving God is doing good to man, but praying is thought an easier service and is therefore more generally chosen.

thinks that people should learn more about a foreign country's customs and be more polite in said foreign country!

is watching the Dog Whisperer where an aggressive Chihuahua rules all the pit bulls at a pit bull rescue!

is going to try drawing upstairs.  Didn't work so well in the car.  Usually a change of atmosphere helps.

thinks maybe that trying to upload a 9.8 meg photo to crappy facebook isn't such a good idea...

*PROPNAME*'s tantrum has finally come to a close.  Phew!  (Read my note for more details ;) )

s Venus' fly trap caught its first bug: a little gnat.  Aww, they grow up so fast...

just posted her Amazon Christmas list on here.  Be sure to read the notes at the top!!

just filled out a survey to get monthly email coupons for ProPlan at Complete Petmart!  Awesome!  ^^

just got back from the zoo.  No gray wolves, no girraffes...really not much of anything.  :(

"The role of Bruce Wayne//Batman was originally offered to *PROPNAME*, but he turned it down." WHAT??!

might need to make an easier "how-well-do-you-know" quiz.  Go take it and tell me.  ; )

just told *PROPNAME* died.  There was a short pause.  "We need a new *PROPNAME*."  Nice.

is back from the beach a little scraped up and sunburned, but otherwise okay!

just found out that you lose your sense of smell when you sleep.  Interesting.

can't get the freaking pictures on Facebook to work!  I hate that app! >:(

watched the President's speech yesterday.  Wow, I'm SOOO indoctrinated!  [//sarcasm]  Stupid radical jerks...

just scrubbed the inside of the car.  In the dark.  With the mosquitoes.

is in Georgia tomorrow, then to Florida Saturday, and back to Georgia Sunday.

has a new cell number: (229) 251-4618.  Save it now.  SAVE IT!

Really needs to plan out the next two days carefully... Hmm...  ¬_¬