Most of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. The tricks that worked on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps assignations with oneself: no winning smiles will do here, no prettily drawn list of good intentions. - *PROPNAME*

MOVERAMA! part 5: Our intrepid heroes are beset on all sides by tragedy as the movers have backed the truck into a car. Will our courageous cast live to see Novato, or will their new living quarters be the Marin County Home for The Destitute and Ill-At-He

MOVERAMA! part four: My floor is my bed, my dresser is in the garage, and I have set fire to all non essentials. Now comes periods of existential dread and sheer ecstasy as my house collapses in on itself

"We are the music makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams;—World-losers and world-forsakers,On whom the pale moon gleams:Yet we are the movers and shakersOf the world for ever, it seems." *PROPNAME*

We're the tattooed lady, and we're never going to have a minute's peace, the rest of our lives, until everybody else is tattooed, too."   - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.   The world will miss you :(

apparently my fb account emailed a bunch of people malware. If you received a facebook email from me with a  one line response and link to a website please disregard it and delete it

going up to the halls of the mountain king to see if he has any turkey to offer. Happy Turkey day to all of you out there in the interwebs :)

after along sleepless week, I am pulling my old man card and going to bed before 12:00 on a Friday nights. Now if I can just find my dentures and cane

Hamlet: And therefore as a stranger give it welcome. There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. Hamlet Act 1, scene 5, 159–167

If the children don't grow up Our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up We're just a million little gods causing rainstorms  Turning every good thing to rust

MOVERAMA! Final Act: Despite devious brigands, terrifying creatures, and a run in with a band of pygmy cannibals, our loyal cast has finally arrived in the principality of Novato!

my immune system is battling the cold. There is most uncivil war going on in the body. Collateral damage may be my ability to breathe and form coherent sentences

All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. *PROPNAME*

I get on the road to Tahoe tomorrow to do battle with tourists, the law, and this fat elf man with reindeer that everyone keeps talking about

gotta love it when they seal the floors in the building and there is no ventilation. I predict general sleepiness and permanent brain damage by noon

Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. *PROPNAME*

well survived the city and SFO in the pouring rain and managed to not get eaten by a sea monster all in all a good day

is convinced that work causes gradually increasing brain damage to the point that at 5:00PM he is unable to form complete sentences or recognize faces.

There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. Dalai Lama

Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight. *PROPNAME*

Hey All The Good Old Tahoma Lodge now has a fan page. Please join to support Boyce and Kay, or to remember the good times.

sacrificial furniture pit out side of my house. If anyone wants a dresser, couch, or portable AC unit. Stop by the palace in petaluma

the tooth uprising has been quelled thanks to the loyalist forces of the dentist. My mouth remains a politically intact less painful region

it was so cold this morning I am pretty sure that I hallucinated polar bears and penguins on the way to my car

the endorphin rush of going to the gym after three weeks of being fat and lazy is a nice change of pace

made it back from the festival. A coupla of bee stings and whiskey draught and some awesome tunes...what an awesome day

this new diet has opened a whole new world of cuisine. tonight's dish prisoner-of-war stew with beans, rice, and more beans.

well i am confident i got more spackle and paint on myself than the wall, but we both do look fabulous!

back to work tomorrow. If I can remember where I work and what I did for work before the year ended.

Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.  *PROPNAME*

if the itching continues from the stings I am just going to go with amputation peg legs are in fashion

looking forward to checking *PROPNAME* out of the the post-bar mental institution. Congrats to all you bar -takers out there!

pack up the boxes, move the boxes, unpack the boxes, live out of boxes, box the boxes. BOX BOX WR#T%R$TY%RYHtg!@##$$#

being on a diet means I have to eat such strange things as fruit and vegetables, who would have thought?

the teeth are now in open revolt. I must make an appeal to the dentist  tomorrow to quell political unrest

When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. Viktor E. Frankl

up in Tahoe and there is not a cloud in the sky. Its a beautiful day to be alive

just tested curb hopping the subaru with *PROPNAME* in SR. I laughed so hard I think I broke something

my body doth protest about ye olde basketballe yesterday. At least we gave the youngsters a good beat down.

is getting disturbed by the deer in the meadow. They seem to be edging ever closer...they can smell fear

we could go gently into the good night, or we could have a drink and toast the coming dawn

is excited for the fair. Cotton candy, shady carnies, and rides that fall apart as you ride them

october is a packed festival month! hardly strictly this wknd, then onto treasure island in a coupla weeks!

well after being moved in for months I finally hung up some pictures.  go go lack of motivation!

looks like it is time to convert the old subaru into a rowboat. My name is Captain *PROPNAME*

has won the  nobel prize for procrastination and ineptitude thank god they made some new categories this year

Metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food. *PROPNAME*

is out of Petaluma in a month and down to novato. Camp Lotsafun is shutting down :(

it smells like a sulfur vent has opened underneath our building. Next comes volcanic ash and burning

In Cal for one day then back out to see the family in Portland. Vagabonds R Us