Those who are more adapted to the active life can prepare themselves for contemplation in the practice of the active life, while those who are more adapted to the contemplative life can take upon themselves the works of the active life so as to become yet more apt for contemplation

What I must do is all that concerns me. This rule, equally arduous in actual and intellectual life, may serve for the whole distinction between greatness and meanness. It is harder because you will always find those who think they know what is your duty better than you know it.

There is genius in persistence. It conquers all opposers. It gives confidence. It annihilates obstacles. Everybody believes in a determined man. People know that when he undertakes a thing, the battle is half won, for his rule is to accomplish whatever he sets out to do.

Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent

Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.

Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.

There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it.

If one can stick to the training throughout the many long years, then will power is no longer a problem. It's raining? That doesn't matter. I am tired? That's besides the point. It's simply that I just have to

It is the characteristic excellence of the strong man that he can bring momentous issues to the fore and make a decision about them. The weak are always forced to decide between alternatives they have not chosen themselves.

anybody who wants to do stx lanes tonight report to delta barracks by 745...full battle rattle..this includes rucksack,lbv with compass and water, dummy rifle, and redlines flashlight..have assault pack in rucksack bring kevlar and pc

Your toughness is made up of equal parts persistence and experience. You don't so much outrun your opponents as outlast and outsmart them, and the toughest opponent of all is the one inside your head

Think what a better world it would be if we all, the whole world, had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon and then lay down on our blankets for a nap...

One reason we resist making deliberate choices is that choice equals change and most of us, feeling the world is unpredictable enough, try to minimise the trauma of change in our personal lives.

Earlier tonight, I found a picture of Waldo in jail. I didn't think much of it until I realized he was probably a wanted fugitive and that's why he is always hiding

Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.

Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes

Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves -- to break our own records, to outstrip our yesterday by our today.

Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, everyday, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be crazy enough to do.

My alarm clock & I had a fight. It wanted me to get up, I refused. Things escalated. Now I'm awake & it’s broken. Not sure who won the fight

lunch then going to work out....Any workout which does not involve a certain amount of danger or responsibility does not improve the body - it just wears it out

As it is the characteristic of great wits to say much in few words, so small wits seem to have the gift of speaking much and saying nothing.

I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it

I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble

Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry under your name as a comment.

Here's to you and here's to me, and I hope we never disagree. But, if that should ever be, to HELL with you, here's to ME

The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are

If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I?And if not now, when?

There is no squabbling so violent as that between people who accepted an idea yesterday and those who will accept the same idea tomorrow.

stx on friday hit me up if you want in....The greatest potential for control tends to exist at the point where action takes place.

perseverance is more than endurance. it is endurance combined with absolute assurance and certainty that what we are looking for is going to happen

Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly

All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.

Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I don't think about them, I just do them.  The decision has already been made

It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper

Personally, I don't think there's intelligent life on other planets. Why should other planets be any different from this one?

It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper

There is no point at which you can say, Well, I'm successful now. I might as well take a nap

If life gives you lemons - make grapejuice. Then sit back and let people wonder how you did it.

If the path less traveled were the easy path, then all would take it, thus making greatness simply average

If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk?

It seems rather incongruous that in a society of supersophisticated communication, we often suffer from a shortage of listeners

going to work out..then mapping and setting up stx lanes for tonight hit me up if you want in

I'm not the greatest; I'm the double greatest. Not only do I knock 'em out, I pick the round.

Dreams permit each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives

I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.

Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail

We do not rise to the level of  our expectations. We fall to the level of our training

Dont you find it Funny that after Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), the rest of the week says WTF?

Everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things

Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second