I had my hair dyed and straightened on Thursday. Now I REALLY want hair straighteners, but I have to wait until I've paid for my restricted test. Also, having washed my hair, I realise that my hair has quite a bit of cur//wave to it. Who knew?

Copy this into your status and see what people rate you. 1:Crazy. 2:I'd Marry You. 3:Talkative. 4:Sarcastic. 5:Lovable. 6:Clubhead. 7:Moody. 8:Dumb. 9: Spoiled. 10:Mouthy. 11:Random. 12:Hot. 13:Funny. 14:Fit. 15:Amazing. 16:Tough. 17:Cute. 18:Bf//Gf Type. 19:Player. 20:The Best. 21:Freak. 22:Quiet. 23:Sexy. 24: Adorable

For some reason I have stayed up till 4am. I'm only a little tired, and I've run out of books to read. I've also started and finished a game I downloaded. Is there something wrong with me?

I now semi-own a Playstation 2 slim! I also have Singstar mics and a memory card, now I all I need are some suggestions for games a beginner can play..? I quite like Crash and Spyro...

Go to urbandictionary.com,  type your first name copy and paste this as your status and put the  first entry for your name as a comment:

Turning 17 on Wednesday, getting cake in tutor time on Thursday, nirthday party Saturday instead of work... what could be a better week?

Practically 17. =D So excited about Saturday, but not so excited about how much it will cost to hire a PS2 and Singstars.

doesn't want to go to work in and hour and a half - if at all. Too bad I need the money...

I have more time on my hands - this means I have gone through 5 books in the last 5 days!

I just got emailed my Ezy-Ticket to Paramore! I don't want to wait three months to see them!

I have been watching Star Trek for 3 weeks now. I think I have a problem.

Sometimes I realise how insignificant I am in the universe. Then I get over it.

Oh, and the 7th of January I'm going for my restricted license... again. Yay.

His body was found gored to death, as if by a wild animal.

Going to get my restricted on the 7th of December. Should be fun!

Definitely wants more of those Cherry Blossom Trees in Farmtown. They're awesome!

I still think people that can't stack baskets properly are idiots.

I haven't gone to bed yet, but i'm heading that way...

Ugh, leadership training. Why did I bother getting up this morning?

Paramore Ticket presale next weekend - anyone else getting tickets?

Just bought an 8GB mP3//mP4 player. For &79.99. Damn awesome!

Can't wait for Thursday - I'm buying hair straighteners!

Just uploaded photos. Wow, that ball was fun...

It's getting a mite windy out there...