was visited several times at home by cousin *PROPNAME* and family, Aunt *PROPNAME* and Uncle *PROPNAME* and the Kidds. Besides this, I am reading books, watching movies such as "What Women Want" and trying to organize suitcases for my move to Japan on Saturday. :)

Busy week with Rehearsals and 3 great concerts with Maestro *PROPNAME* and soloist *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* Violin Cto and Bruckner 7, bday party in Shinsaibashi Osaka, Konami gym, Japanese lessons, duets, Thanksgiving dinner, and soon to come: Universal Studios!

The first week is always the hardest, right? If so, it won't be long before I'm whipped into shape-- I went to the Konami gym 5 times this week. :)

just ate delicious pizza after a busy and tiring day of walking around downtown Oslo, the Viking ship museum, Norsk Folkmuseum and beautiful new Opera house with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.

The connecting flight was delayed yet again by a couple of hours in China, but I will go to bed and sleep for as long as it takes to recover!!

went to *PROPNAME*'s house (brother) for cedar-smoked walleye, yummy salad and potatoes, white wine and to see the International fireworks competition display-- tonight was a great presentation by China. :)

very pleased with the Konami sports club membership-- a heated pool, running track, machines, weights, free athletic classes and a spa all in one package. :)

is getting tired of staring at her computer screen, working on a TEFL course, and needs to take a break and go to the gym.

It's Doppelgänger week, in which Facebookers may change their profile pictures to someone famous their appearance has been compared to. POST TO UR PROFILE!

had a wonderful week in Southern Sweden and Olso, and is heading North to the land of the midnight sun... next stop, Trondheim.

dragged herself out of bed to put out the cardboard that has been accumulating for more than 3 months! :)

walked from S:t Eriksplan to Gamla stan (after a work-out), around Gamla stan, and back via Sodermalm//Kungsholmen. Stockholm is beautiful!!

drinking hot tea with hyssop to alleviate sinus pressure from the large amounts of poplar fluff and pollen this week.

Well rested after a week of jetlag, Taka City concert, various other rehearsals and a Yakitori party.

Will be in a dress rehearsal tonight in preparation for the Båstad concerts with Musica Vitae. :)

Was caught in a downpour while going for a long and pensive walk in the forest. :(

To bed early with a splitting headache and goose-egg about two inches wide at the back.

Up early to finish reading "The Prospector," and will leave soon to practice before working.

Wow! That was a really spicy lunch in Østersund! Time to walk it off.... ;)

Pumped from working out at Konami, but is cramming Japanese for the lesson tomorrow.

took a personality test, and it said that I'm suitable to be a "supervisor."

looking forward to visiting Prague again on Friday to pick up my Japanese visa.

Going to have a bbq tonight, and am off to Munich tomorrow. Yipee!

Alive and well and drinking a lot of coffee to kick-start the day.

Back from the gym, and looking forward to the New Year's party. :)

preparing for her voyage across Eurasia... not over the pond this time. ;)

off to Japanese class within the hour-- have to stop surfing the web!!

Made it through the first day of rehearsal after a long journey! :)

going to the dentist to reverse the effects of continual coffee drinking.

ate yummy salmon with pasta and veggies after a work-out @ Konami.

feeling the burn in my shoulders and triceps from the gym.

going on a walking tour to the castle etc. of Osaka.

Went to the Natural Science Museum and Imax theatre today. :)

Mmmm... good food after a long day of coachings and practice.

excited to go to my first Japanese private lesson tomorrow.

Flight delayed by freezing temperatures in China, but arrived safely!

Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!

Going to the hot springs for the HPAC opening party.

going with Eric to see Flickan som lekte med elden.

is in Litomysl and loving every minute of it! ;)

is performing tonight in the opening concert in Litomysl.

wishing the rain would turn to snow for Christmas!

Leaving for the airport and flying to Norway tomorrow!

Listening to opera, Brahms and browsing through amazon.com.

annoyed with the slow internet connection. :(

walked around Takarazuka and Osaka today. :)

my first typhoon experience ever is coming!!

Back from the Cello//Viola dinner party! :)

Going to the gym again. :)

off to eat some yummy sushi!