Dear Homeowner: I apologize for contributing to the destruction of your plastic fence. Though you will be pleased to know that we did indeed reach our destination and rocked out with our cocks out. Okay not really, but we did rock out.

"She checkin out my dougie like she's patty mayonnaise" ..... Really? People get paid to come up with this shit?  Second guessing my career path... shoulda been a rapper.  I could totally pull off a "grill"

So I got tired of learning about the law in the abstract and decided that I'd go ahead and have a cop issue me with a citation for a court appearance. Yay... Field Trip!

Sue: ok but change your pic on fb, it sucks <--- (my mother on facebook chat)  you know you look like shit when your own mother calls you out on it! lol

"She saw the truck coming and stepped on the gas in order to become air-borne because she knew she could fly because Batman does it." 173 N.W.2d 619 (Wisc. 1970).

so *PROPNAME* has S'mores on the menu, and apparently I'm going to be forced to eat one within the next five minutes, i feel like im at a damn campfire.

Has anyone ever told you that you must be having a case of the "Munday's"? No.... Fuck No Man!....... I imagine you'd get your ass kicked saying something like that.

"tell me do you think it'd be alright if i just crashed here tonight? see I'm in no shape for driving and anyways I got no place to go...."

I think i read that in a book somewhere.       Are you sure it was a book... are you sure it wasn't Nothing?            Oh ya.

"divine apathy, disease of my youth, watch that you don't catch it" "it says son, time is all.... the luck you need."

[A] This fucking memo takes more than 5 hours and drives the reasonable person fucking crazy. [C] Therefore legal writing fucking "Sucks".

"Funny the way it is when you think about it, one kid walks 10 miles to school while another's dropping out."

"Shit, I didn't pass the bar, but I know a little bit, enough where you won't illegally search my shit."

Quote of the day: "my ex had them...having saggy balls slap u during sex its the most discusting thing ever"

Volcano Insurance? we've never had a volcano eruption here.  Well don't you think we're due for one then? *PROPNAME*.

Pandora is in fact the greatest invention of all time. I owe my entire current quasi-sanity to its existence.

"Grave digger, when you dig my grave, could you make it shallow, so I can feel the rain."

can't believe he's in law school right now and therefore actually a poor college student once again, yipee

if you take any part in disturbing my nap I will probably end your life. you've been warned.

"Sometimes we take chances, sometimes we take pills, I can write it better than you ever felt it"

" A teenage vow in a parking lot, till tonight do us part "  haha love it.

Hey what's your favorite planet? Mine's the sun, cause it's like the king of all the planets.

"I don't know what you do, but I do thangs" .... yah I have no idea?

"those left standing will make millions writing books on the way it should have been"

"A perfection of means, and a confusion of aims, seems to be our main problem"

.... and it's been so long since I've seen the ocean, guess I should.

just stepped foot in philly, unpackin... get at me if you're in town 336-906-0860

The New Droid phone is the sweetest phone ever. xmas has come early bitches!

"I'm like a lawyer with the way I'm always trying to get you off"

so wish i had the time to watch the Steelers stomp on the Bears

"... it's a very dangerous time, the coalition for reason is extremely weak."

is beginning to understand the correlation between the titles esquire and alcoholic.

shit, bercovitch made the yankee hat more popular than a yankee can.

When the *#@% is Facebook going to create a DISLIKE button??!

I paid everything to roll the dice, just one more time.

"I suggest we learn to love ourselves before it's made illegal"

dreaming about providence and whether mice and men get second tries....

facebook is entirely too distracting, cell me if ya need me

"No. you said Filipino. That's a Nationality" , thank you Cam

I believe my cell phone is officially broken beyond repair.

The Headline Reads "The Defendant Hangs But The Jury Doesn't"

"I feel stupid, but it's something that comes and goes"

"Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous" - Einstein

"Great ambition and conquest without contribution is without significance."

28 U.S.C. §76: No Excuses, Play Like a Champion.

I'm out like a fat kid in dodge ball.

PC load letter, what the fuck does that mean?!?

at the library knockin out some legal writing homework

haha really? a safety for the win? Go Heels!

gym then back to the leebrary . wow.