AAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! my back has been hurting so bad the past two days. I wish i  didn't have to deal with it anymore. It slows me down at practice and I have trouble getting out of bed in the morning

Yesterday was so much fun... @ the Palm Springs Invite we had 2 runners win their race.  I personally came in 17th out of 60 runners in the JV race with a time of 15:05 for 2 miles.

I feel accomplished!  I finished 1st for the JV boys in the christian league and 5th overall in the race.  I gotta get mi tarea done now so i will talk to all of you manana

anyone doing the ap us history study guide for tomorrow? if u noticed it the multiple choice questions arent where they usually are after the LO's. they're near the bottom of the list

"FM Static" Tonight's complete, Everyone's asleep, Right now I wanna say these words to You, I'll be Your hand, take me as I am, I just wanna be with You

wants curl up in a ball a lock myself in a closet bc i get the feeling that i will have to repeat english 3 and religion 3 next year

todays run was amazing! I made it to washington st and back in 64:00 min with very little pain in my back! XC meet tmrw @RCC in Moreno Valley

XC ppl wanting to run @ footlocker saturday online registration has been CLOSED now to register u hav to do it in person @ mt sac on friday

ap us ppl, i just found an interesting part of the textbook website that might b beneficial to us when it comes to the tests and RAs

FOR ANYONE THAT IS HAVING TROUBLE GETTING SOMETHING FOR THE HONORS AND AP SPANISH 3 HW GO TO GOOGLE AND SEARCH "NINOS DE LOS INMIGRANTES"

THIS IS TO ALL JUNIORS WHO HAVE BEEN TO UCR TO DO RESEARCH: you can still access the ucr database w//out being @ UCR

any one in *PROPNAME*'s 7th prd can u tell me what page in *PROPNAME* was the interaction btwn him and his mom was on?

Help me!!!! The H Spanish 3 HW is too hard my article is in spanish and i have to summarize it in spanish

ppl in raschilla's p. 7 what was the name of the thing written by ezra pound that we had to take notes on?

can someone please hire a band of ninja assassins to kill me so i don't have to right my social analysis paper?

can anyone in ap us please fill me in on what i missed friday after i left? it would be much appreciated

i guess no one cares that i gave away the name of my date to the dance on my last post

Rejected! The dance was fun last night although it didnt end how i hoped it would. MC turned my offer down

tonight is going to b so much fun! I cant wait to scare the living daylights out of some trick-or-treaters!

Sorry people that i posted those quizzes ystrday. I shouldnt have done that. they were stupid anyways.

Can someone plz explain exactly what we're supposed to do for the Honors//AP Spanish 3 HW?

WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOhahahaah YES! I finally made it to 1,000 words on my social analysis paper (alec helped)

HONORS//AP SPANISH 3 PPL: i desperately need t oknow whether we had hw or not

banging my head against a wall is more productive than writing my social analysis paper

YEAH!!! I went and saw the chiropractor today. Hopefully this will relieve my back issues

Does anyone in honors//AP spanish 3 know if we had HW 4 this weeknd?

CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHAT THE DEAL IS WITH PRACTICE TOMORROW!!!

How many XC people are ready for the death race tmrw????

Don't forget to sign up for the Ultimate Club!!!!

tied for highest grade on raschilla's english final

got a new phone for christmas

its too HOT to be running

Buenos noches! Hasta manana *PROPNAME* people!

is stressed out and bored