People need to take a breather and chill once in a while and not let the little nuisances of life get to their heads... we only have one life and there is not point to wasting it being angry about nothing...

Let me know if you think of everyone meeting at my house and then heading out to the vollwyball game in costumes and then all heading back to my house for the party is a good idea :)

Good god the volleyball game was amazing! Congratulations to all the players for a great game! btw I would also like to add that our cheering tonight was crazy for only like 10 kids lol

I just got my new phone and it refuses to copy all my contact info from the SIM to the phone so if I had your number please send me it. Thanks :)

Just got back from the first day of school! Was actually fun except for a few rules. I am looking forward to having fun in every class lol ...and...I'm a SENIOR w00t!

Football practice was actually pretty fun. I have no idea how I shaved off almost a minute off of my mile time. I ran a mile in 5:38...I think I'm amazing lol

Thanks markelle for making my super bowl "party" a lot more entertaining than it would have been....oh and the dollar I won from you was a pretty sweet victory  haha :P

I just saw District 9! Probably one of the best sci-fi movies I have ever seen. I recommend anyone that likes action and a good story to go see this movie!

OMG fright fest was sooo fun even though it was FREEZING! :D I recommend the next time anyone rides a roller coaster to go with your eyes closed...so scary lol

made it safely to italy :) 22 hour trip lol havent slept one sec the whole time will upload pics of my trip soon and through out the month.

HA! who new that you cant take your driving test without proof of insurance!? Silly me.... -_-' ugh now I have to take it next week wednesday...yay

omg I just started out on P90X...my first day and it kicked my ass! lol these are gonna be a fun 90 days :)

Maybe we will also go out as a huge goup and trick-or-treat :) If you need directions just ask me in a message.

http:////www.q13fox.com//videobeta//watch//?watch=0766bc7f-d0bf-481b-98b5-139cbefddafa&src=front This is the link to the video highlights of the girls game last night. The girls game is at the end.

Yay, left my phone, wallet, keys and my FREAKING ALTOIDS on the bus lol anyways gratz kurbis on being a grandpa :)

Leaving for italy tomorrow yay!!!! I will be back on august 6th. wont be able to text till then lol cya!

The fair was really fun today. I was trying to get hypnotized when my phone went off right next to me...booo

omfg facebook, I don't give a shit about who joined what group or who became a fan of...whatever! Lame lame lame...

Going to bed. Football practice in the morning...guess who didnt work out like they should have been? ME!!! YAY!!!.....//cry

Well now that i'm 18 i have to be careful or i could go to big boy jail lol

meh idk if im gonna do anything for tomorrows dressup day. I dont have any old people clothes :\

Just went to a sushi bar by my house for my birthday and it was delicious :D

Homecoming was amazing! I had so much fun lol Here's hoping for a fun fright fest :)

will be back in the U.S. the 7th. i got a sexy tan at the beach lol

Everyone, i have a confession to make.  I have turned bisexual, and am now a tranny.

Anybody that has any classes with me know any other homework we had besides english?

w00t got my license! Yay now I can drive my non existent car haha

Getting my license finally! lol...you know what they say...2nd time's a charm :P

On my way to get my license! Don't have a car yet though...lol

w00t polls are closed, we won, and I'm getting a freaking cake!

Anybody have pictures of jordan and I from todays spirit day?

OMG what topic should I write my persuasive speech on?!

I think some people need to take life less seriously...

Why is it soo cold?! Damn you winter lol

hello world i am alive and happy again :)

What homework did we have today, if any?

wOOt i'm 18 and loving it :D

is happy for school to start :D

Keep voting till your fingers bleed dammit!