just performed surgery on a lizard(Green Anole now named Tropical thunder), we bought from the pet store last night cause he looked near death.  He's doing well now, I think his leg is better, it's all about preventing complications//infections now. Pictures later. Time to go to *PROPNAME*'s Bdat picnic.

(Rap performed by *PROPNAME*) Darkness falls across the land The midnite hour is close at hand Creatures crawl in search of blood To terrorize y'awl's neighborhood And whosoever shall be found Without the soul for getting down Must stand and face the hounds of hell (continued below)

anyone ever rebuild a raid array before and have tips? I've got two drives of a raid 1+0 (one from each pair i think), that need to have data recovered. Trying different recovery software at the moment (ufs recovery atm), but happy to have any advice.

Thinks whoever decided to schedule a massive apartment building fire next door to our new home at this time of day(5isham) was terribly inconsiderate, no fires until at least breakfast.  Off to hose the outside of the house after being up until 2am mortaring the downstairs.

Offer accepted on house, Woo.  Currently Making Angel Food Cake with Choc//hazelnut frosting for *PROPNAME*'s Bday picnic. Also, We bought a lizard with a bad leg to see if we could fix him any better than the pet store. Poor guy.

in heeding the words of wise ninja master over a beer, *PROPNAME* has created a program of self-defense for the complete n00b who has 17 left feet.  Tonight, I shall see if anyone shows up to learn it.

Cthulhumas, Cthulhumas, Cthulhu eats your brains. Oh what fun it is to die in many horrible ways.  Cthulhumas, Cthulhumas, Cthulhu eats your brains. hey.  May you all be touched by his noodly appendage during these holy days.

would like to thank everyone for the Birthday wishes.  It was a very tame, but very nice birthday.   also, I'd like to recommend Ninja Assassin, everything that is good about ninja with excellent choreography.

The lizard known as The Tropical Thunder, passed on monday night.    He perked up after the leg fix, but he was already too far gone from neglect at the pet store.

would appreciate if his intestines would agree to parley and come to an amicable arrangment with his stomach.   They've had a war going for a few weeks now.

has emptied his closets and clothes box from the move and is completely reorganizing everything, it looks like a clothes bomb went off in his bedroom.

is back at work on a friday night because my boss believes himself to be an IT guy and not an attorney and broke a server.

Raid Data Recovered completely from swapped pair that was unrecognized by nas after NAS flipped out and wiped itself 100 times.  400Gb data now safe.

yay halloween party.  I have my crazy hair, lab coat & crowbar. That and my crazy jello molds and I'm all set.   (pictures later.)

thinks he may have created a new unit of monetary measure.  the "Kilopeanut//Kilopeanuts"   kp//kps for short. Use: derogatory.  example: the job pays 35kps.

Took a long time to come up with a costume, but has decided to be the mad scientist from Half Life,  crowbar included.

is preparing for his first real vacation in over a decade where I can just sit there for a week on purpose.

Seminar went well, Kateri and I have the marks to prove it. Now food, tomorrow, house viewing. Next week, knives or swords.

Holy shit, we're buried in under Lots of snow!  No escape.....  argh... the snow.. Oh god. a transformer just exploded..

is going to check our floors for the living room today and then maybe to a gentlemanly game night.

Pre-Birthday Happy Hour, Tonight, O'sheas, 5:30ish to whenever.  I realize it's late notice, come if you can manage.

is going to get gothed up and head to Dracula's Ball. Project Pitchfork and Carfax Abbey tonight.

*PROPNAME* was going to teach me to levitate, but *PROPNAME* shot him with a Marshmellow gun.

is now a home owner. move in is saturday.  we spent last night scrubbing the place.

Thank Cthulhu It's frida's day. wilmington, de in the morning and then back to philly.

@otakon.  Be back in the real world at some point in the far far future.

is getting to old to party hop. Woo that was a lot of tequila.

has smashed his living room to bits.    19 large bags of debris so far.

does anyone know a Server2008//Exchange2007//BES sysadmin looking for a job in the philadelphia area?

just saw a really nice house, we'll be putting a bid in asap.

is beating people down in radford virginia this weekend. Be back monday. ^_^

scored about 65k in bejeweled blitz in one second.  That was nice.

has a new job. +8k gold and better healing potions.

is off to otakon once i get out of work.

will be hosting *PROPNAME* for a Seminar in January!  Woo!

ATIT! (Almost there! It's Thursday!) Reaching? Why yes I am.

Holy poop on a stick, that was a long day.

"How about a nice game of strip Global thermonuclear war?"

is getting tired of long long nights on salary.

just saw the season finale of dexter.  Holy shit.

wants it to be 5 already, seeing houses tonight.

is tired of being sick. Death to all swine.

it's Alive!  No more flu & at work.

is stuck at work this fine saturday afternoon.

Looks like japan is drinking the Change kool-aid.

has made some downright amazing scallop chowder.

is preparing for the move, settlement tuesday.

says it's almost time for otakon.

now has lens flare, Thanks *PROPNAME*.

weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 2010!   Welcome to the future!