This actually works!: The Facebook Trick: Press Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, enter key then right click. Then press up then down & magic circles will appear! Put this as your status IF IT WORKED FOR YOU!

cannot speak due to throat pain.  This brings back memories of the first few days of school at Ramapo Middle.  Hopefully, this time there won't be racial slurs thrown around.

thanks *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* for the gorgeous additions (especially the personalized jacket that she's showing off at work today) to her closet and the giant hole in her wallet. <3

is looking for a wallet...Bed, Bath, & Beyond shoppers//employees...please be kind and save it from being ravaged until I can go back to your shop.  T_T

invites you to feel the magic of the holidays by visiting the Harry Potter exhibit at Museum of Science Boston on Dec. 12 (Sat).

thanks the kind soul who turned in her wallet, and dislikes whoever took $100 out (holiday shopping now looks a lot less happy).

has 28 teeth left.  At this rate of loss (2//decade), she'll be toothless by age 160...not too bad.  :| <--currently cannot grin//smile

realizes that she probably can't afford (staying alive-wise) to pig out on sweets around Harvard Square everytime she has dance practice.

wishes that her experiments would WORK when she's in the lab, especially when she's staying past normal going home time. D:

is sad that she's shorter than the shortest semi-finalist on cycle 13 of ANTM (*PROPNAME*'s French accent is SCARY).

needs to reset because the recent bout of failing Westerns clearly indicates there is a bug in the system.

needs to Wii Fit Plus more in order to stay in shape for dance (why yes, that does count).

wishes it was as warm out as the sunny blue sky with wispy clouds seems to indicate.

is sad to discover that 8+ hours of sleep is needed to keep this old(er) body going.

is using the excellent combination of juice and calories to tip the balance between sickness and health.

must work hard today so that she can go home before the super heavy snowfall starts.

feels satisfied with where she is in life for the first B(ig)day in a long time.

s doctor is sick...so all her preparations for pain is not needed for another two weeks.

is rewatching the first half of Knock Knock Loving You (the only portion worth watching).

sees that People's Republic of China turns 60 today, but finds Mom's birthday more important.

can speak again!  (As long as you ignore the occasional bouts of severe coughing.)

hasn't yet watched this week's episode of Castle (and thus is failing at life!!!).

finds a good mix of farming, socializing, and killing monsters to be very therapeutic.

plans to visit Orlando (Harry Potter! Sun!) during April's long weekend (go Patriot's Day!).

wants to know who (is in Boston and) wants to see Avenue Q!

was too busy watching Castle last night (fashion! murder! mayhem!) to upload pics.

wishes all a very very awesome new year full of laughter and joy.

clearly needs to transfer new pictures from her camera to her computer.

is feeling >70% and can stop letting work get delayed. (= happiness)

is awed by how 30 minutes can triple her RAM.  <3

is looking for her face again (where is that camera cord?!).

has finally made it to Part III of *PROPNAME*'s Immunobiology book.

is going to see if Chinese dance is in her future.

is ready for Baltimore!  (Is Baltimore ready for Hua?  Maybe not...)

must eat lots of sticky and crunchy food before Thursday morning!

is going to eat ice cream cake before lunch.  :D

is super excited about the first day of dance practice!

now believes in the "bad things come in threes" proverb.

won't have any wisdom teeth left in 24 hours.  :(

has landed in Boston and is back at work.  :D

proves to be awesome at picking out paint colors.

has sore muscles from dancing too hard this weekend.

is looking forward to sunny Saturday in the park.

feels old after watching the sixth Harry Potter movie.

is super excited that Merlin season 2 has started!!!

is working on new profile pic as E-28.

is singing Christmas songs (to all of you!).

never realized that there was Boston Fashion Week.

now knows that flu vaccines are not friends.

dislikes how utterly miserable the weather outside is.