Yay! Left my flash drive inside a computer in a PACKED math lab yesterday. Called the office today and asked them to check and it was still there! Now I can go back to sleep; woke up early to call them before anyone found it. Zzzz

I just had a dream that combined The Grudge + Twilight + Harry Potter + Pokemon. Malfoy had unsealed the Grudge demon from within Bella and Bulbasaur and Jigglypuff had to save the world. WTF? That doesn't even make sense.

woke up laughing after thinking in my dream "Good thing zombies are so slow...", then a zombie drives by in a car screaming "NOT IF WE LEARNED HOW TO DRIVE", and promptly crashes into a wall. :D

You know in Spiderman where he wakes up, puts on his glasses and realizes he doesn't need them anymore? Yeah, I had that today then I realized I had my contacts on. -.-

Computer case coming from South LA. Everything else coming from Tennesee. I get to stare at the case and do nothing with it for 4 days. *PROPNAME*, why art thou so cruel? D:

saw "IN TRANSIT TO ONTARIO, CA" on my tracking information and thought "WHY IS IT GOING TO CANADA?!" Who knew there was a city named Ontario in California? :x

went to a run down dollar store and it was playing *PROPNAME*'s "Canon in D." I laughed the entire time I was in there. :D

//facepalm, the person who last used this book underlined all the bold words... WHY?!  Well, that's what you get for 5% retail price. >>;

It's 6am and I can't sleep cause I just finished ordering parts for a new computer. Too excited. I'm nerdy, AND WHAT? D:

Made the UC App my homepage to stop me from procrastinating. Wait. Why am I here. AHHHH *deletes all bookmarks*

just got a new chair. I don't know what "passive lumbar support" means, but damn does it feel good.

Spent the last 2 hours sitting in the dark happily listening to music way too loudly at 6am :)

heard someone at home depot ask a worker for "that thing that makes holes 'n shit." LOL

Need a topic for my second UC prompt. Describe me in one word. GO!

Mom just found out I'm an atheist and is trying to convert me. Ahahaha

bought so many things during Cyber Monday, he's memorized his credit card number. ://

Dilemnia: It's 3am and I wanted to blast music through my speakers. >:[

has been awake for way too long, listening to music way too loudly.

Came 45minutes late to C++ final, still finished before everyone else. :D

IT'S 4M AND I'VE BEEN LYING IN BED FOR 2 HOURS. RAAAGEE

7:15 chem classss, dieee D: *collapse on floor* zzzzzzzzzzzz

Buckyballs, I want my 6 hours back. >.>

passed out while reading about narcolepsy yesterday...

Damn sense, always getting in my way.

Internet downtime, ending procrastination since 1996.

Baking in my room. TT

Free shipping is my downfall.

I hate you lab write-ups.