is convinced, with everyone and their mother talking about the possibility of raising taxes on the middle class, it's not going to happen. Do you really think one of the most shrewd politicians since *PROPNAME* would all but certify the loss of his re-

Legal research reminds me of combing the ocean floor for treasures. Every once in a while I return to the same spot with the knowledge that what I thought was a rock might have actually been an oyster with a pearl inside.

is pleased the American people will now have the time to read the government-run health care bill or have it interpreted for them. Apparently, this is a luxury our representatives (and President) couldn't find the time in their busy schedules to accomplis

is no Keynesian, but I think if there's one thing "cash for clunkers" demonstrates, it's that $787 billion (minus the $237 billion in tax cuts) would've been more stimulative coming from the pockets of American consumers than vested bureaucrats in Washing

is highly amused. The comparisons between *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, as well as claims of her narcissism, are a classic case of psychological projection. (*PROPNAME*, really? Just how frightened are they of this woman?) The MSM are actually referring to no

awoke to an email stating: "Starting in 2010, the US Department of Education will be requiring significant changes in the way educational institutions collect and report race//ethnicity data. Accordingly, on July 19, 2009, LSAC changed the race//ethnicity d

remembers the good old days when we could pay for everything under the sun by "bringing the troops home". It amazes me how inconsistent we can be when the Birkenstock is on the other foot.

loves USPS. When you underpay for online postage, they charge you at the counter. When you overpay, they pocket the difference and say "thank you". Isn't that just the Federal government in a nutshell?

I thought the Kindle was a stupid idea, but the iPad...wow, this is the future of personal computing, a segue into Minority Report-like "surface computing". Way to stay ahead of the curve, Apple.

wasn't disuaded post-media blitz. Still thinks taxes are an appropriation of wealth, mandates are backed implicitly with a gun and "freedom from want" is a condition better reserved for animals and small children.

wonders if serfs living under a nationalized health care scheme lead healthier lifestyles mostly for fear of becoming sick//injured and having to throw themselves at the mercy of its poor services.

wonders, with all this righteous indignation over a terrorist assassination program and change in tactics from pursuing the Taliban to protecting the population, when did this stop being a war?

has on his soothsayer cap: [One day, parents who send their children to "super-gold-plated-Cadillac" private schools will pay additional taxes to cover the educational expenses of lower income families]

*PROPNAME* was bad enough, but at least he distorted data and concocted fear-mongering chartsngrafs to support his cockamamie theory. The Norwegian Nobel Committee just lost its credibility--forever.

is one lucky guy. First class, first day as a 1L and I'm the first to be called on to state the case. Thankfully, I did alright.

is not surprised the states most utilizing their natural energy endowments are facing the smallest budget gaps for the upcoming fiscal year. California: your move

along with wife *PROPNAME*, have decided to celebrate filing their first, joint tax return in that good-old-fashioned American way, by purchasing a new TV.

Well, that was just about the longest 4 months and shortest 3 hours of my entire life. Same time next year, I hope.

gets to see Philip Glass as a birthday present for the second year in a row. hmm Wot's that phrase the kids use...FTW!

is reminded of the underpants gnomes when listening to the HHS Secretary ignore clear evidence that socialized medicine won't lower health care costs.

is in SF to attend a two-day prep course for school. Still separated from my bride and hating every minute of it.

wonders which is more inappropriate; heckling during a Presidential address to Congress or the President himself calling a private citizen a "jackass".

is thinking of a movie title; Dr. Strangehair or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Cue Ball Look

reminds those engaging in civil discourse; when you have to resort to accusations of racism, you're probably losing the debate.

was happy to learn it wasn't a furlough but a scheduling mistake that created the lapse. Back to work tomorrow.

is on the road again and deeply saddened to be separated from the Kitty for the rest of the week.

is reading his packet for law school orientation. This is all very exciting and petrifying at the same time.

is thinking, what's not to love about a city that hosts a festival called, "Pig Out in the Park"

thinks people in straw houses shouldn't blow hot air...or propose a homeowner's insurance public option for that matter.

doesn't think passing a bill on *PROPNAME*'s casket would legitimize killing health care for the rest of us.

How nice of the NFL to ask my favorite band to play at the Superbowl for my birthday.

is 76% of the way to my goal of running three miles in eighteen minutes. Good first attempt.

Finals begin next monday. Overhead this today in Torts: "Dude, you're fine. It's not crunch time yet."

wonders, what's the use of having a bulwark against cloture if you can't exercise party discipline anyway.

is looking forward to a steak dinner tonight in celebration of four years together as a couple.

""All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." - *PROPNAME*

You know that feeling you get when you're running a marathon and the endorphins finally kick in...

will concede health care is a moral issue when the same proponents acknowledge abortion is immoral.

always looks on the bright side of life: our Supreme Court will now be two-thirds Catholic.

sends his blessings to those who keep the embers of freedom alight. Happy Independence Day!

Mr Hart's 1L advice: when preparing for the socratic method, remember to think in questions.

thinks he did alright. Not necessarily kicking asterisks and taking case names, but certainly alright.

is steadily developing an iron butt. And no, he hasn't been to the gym lately.

is thankful; only Justice Scalia's wit could make CIv Pro bearable reading at this hour.

"Life is white, and I am black. Jesus and his lawyer are coming back."

First law school midterm this monday. This one's for a third of the clams.

was greatly disappointeed with the disgustingly partisan scriptwriting on Law and Order last night.

wonders why no one ever followed up on *PROPNAME*'s pledge to eat the CRA.

is strongly considering JAG after law school. Might attend OCS over the summer.

came home to a box of Panda licorice, a favorite. I feel loved.