Negative A blood urgently for a little girl at the Rainbow ward suffering from a stomach tumour. Could you please make an announcement at your respective lists to see if anyone could donate. This is a rare blood group. If you have anyone, they need to urg

great weekend so far: friday enjoyed meeting wonderful ppl I had not seen for a long time.. yest night wonderful time in malta.. now realllyyyy looking forward to later on today :) (will get working to finish work asap & enjoy my sunday afterwards)

Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures WITHOUT your permission. Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the Logout link. Select PRIVACY. Then select NEWSFEEDS and WALL. Next select the tab FACEBOOK ADS. There is 

FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT: If you're reading this,whether we do or don't speak very often, please post a comment of your first memory of you & me. When you're finished, post this paragraph in your status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!

have a merry christmas, un joyeux noel, un buon natale, feliz navidad u il-Milied it-tajjeb! for all of you who don't celebrate Christmas, may you have a great day full of peace and happiness :)

Dear God, I pray for the cure of cancer! ? (93% of fb users will not copy & paste this)....if you know someone who had cancer or fighting cancer please paste this to your status

"Those great hopes and dreams and ideals of yours are not dead, if you let God breathe into them the breath of fresh life." - *PROPNAME* RT *PROPNAME*

1st day new job.. jidher nice.. & woww, it was destiny! used to want to do this job but then thought I wouldn't end up doing this!!

why do i have to keep facing the only people who I can't stand: liars & double-faced people?? Well, I guess that's part of life :(

last work for 2009 ready!! now starting my nye :) have a very happy new year all.. may it bring you all that you wish for

Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments.

it's true.. "the best things don't come easy".. what I can't understand is why you'll always find someone who tries to f**k it all up

"oye, piensa en tu futuro, no pierdas mas tempo... es muy importante mirar para adelante" wonderful artist.. great song.. wonderful message :)

thanks 4 all d greetings guys.. did have a happy birthday :) hope all of you have a good day

the weekend.. & why not the weekstart? looking forward to start the week in a great way :)

a good weekend.. this week's busy (kumbinazjoni!) imma ghaddejjin bil-momentum & looking forward to the future :)

already at the end of 2nd week at st.albert's.. so far so good.. im enjoying it :)

great ending to 09 and awesome beginning of 2010! :) have a very happy new year all

never thought I'd be jealous of a fish in an aquarium! only for a sec tho! lol

Happiness comes only by sharing - Napoleon Hill... & starting holidays helps as well I guess ;)

rainbow colours!!! x'izzik uu dal-kuluri kollha minand nies differenti aaa?? jw jin biss ma nafx? lol

woww! soo busy.. but working to create some time to relax during this weekend :)

Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life

"if you accept defeat, then that's what you'll get" - from Facing The Giants

very tired.. happy with work done.. but still so much more to do!

life is a not-so-easy mountain climb.. but woww.. the view is amazing!

"minds are like parachutes - they only function when open" *PROPNAME*

listening to some rock while preparing lessons! great mix ee!

gotta assume your responsibility and move forward.. get going!

wherever you go, whatever you do.. do so whole-heartedly

"The best mind-altering drug is truth." - *PROPNAME*

another day.. another chance.. Good day everyone :)

anyone knows of an interesting//good job guys?

preparing exam papers!! Vive les vacances!!!