has been told she is not allowed to go to Milwaukee for the funeral by her mother and is instructed to by a bottle of champange and share it.

!!!  Thank you everyone (times a lot) for the birthday wishes!   And a Happy New Years to everyone!

doesn't like when it seems like her entire room leaves for the weekend.   (Hope you all have fun.)

What kind of school doesn't have free printing for studetns and libraries that close at five?

should stop going on Facebook because it reminds her of how much she misses *PROPNAME*.

reads [sic] as a big fat underline under a grammatical mistake someone else made.

finally made herself send out that application for an internship in the Philippines.

A computer again!  Oh how much I missed having one of these things!

why is Facebook always more interesting when I have a paper to write?

wants to know who decided Pages shouldn't be able to open a .doc?

really hates sending emails to people she doesn't know asking for stuff.

wishes *PROPNAME* would answer his phone so she could stop worrying.

is thinking she should  have done the six year plan...

you know things are bad when eating feels like procrastination.

keeps coming to the conclusion that *PROPNAME* is an ass.

is probably more territorial over her beer than her boy.

wants to know why *PROPNAME* reminds her of *PROPNAME*.

probably should change her current city from E. Lansing....

Well, now time for a near trans-continental train ride!

had a chocolate cupcake, which magically made everything better.

should probably stop her habit of late night crocheting.

But isn't the history of Byzantine Empire basic knowledge?

just found a new favorite banana bread rescipe.

is doing well know she everything is okay.

... Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize?  Weird.

finished her reading for Intro before midnight.

my penguins are smaller than your penguins.

woke up with Queen in her head.

made cookies.  Her work here is done.

has a place to live in Seattle!

Penguins are very cute and very boring.

really wants to move into her appartment.

Do I want another grilled cheese?

got a box full of yarn.

Packing and Panicking look awfully similar.

Rose Bubble Tea!  Greatest Idea EVER!

has a *PROPNAME* in Seattle!

is still on Seattle time.

needs to explore Seattle more.

is tired, hungry, and stressed.