Wishes she was at Raleigh Undercover, so if you are in NC and not there, get out and show some charity love while hanging out with awesome people who like good music. I will be very jealous.

DC friends: Giant snowball fight//snow kickball on the mall tomorrow, 3pm. There will be other snowball fights, but I will not be at them. So you should come to this one! :)

Lord *PROPNAME* may have been a complete cad, but he could sure put pen to paper. (Still not studying as hard as I should be... can you tell?)

No more SAT class! Whoo whoo! But I'll miss the kids, they were a good lot once you got past the fact that they were teenagers....

Law school is like The Biggest Loser...it doesn't matter how well you do, just how well you do compared to everyone else. Dun dun dun.

Going to NC tonight! Wish I was gonna make it for volleyball but if anyone is up for drinking after I just might be there....

is sorry she didn't come to raleigh after telling everyone she would. But I went on a hike today and saw pretty nature-type things!

Finally, one outline completely down...only 3 to go - and a long way to go at that. Next semester will be different, really!

Pro: I think I'm going to really like ethics. Con: I may have to rob a bank to pay for my books.

overcast skies + homework + sore throat + boyfriend gone home = sad meagan. I'm coming to raleigh next weekend though!

I'd give her a HA! And a HI-YA! And then a OUU-WA! And I'd kick her, sir. Take THAT, memo.

Law Geekitude #107: I giggle to myself every time some old English judge uses the word "mischief" in an opinion.

is getting very nervous about her first day of teaching SATs, moving, and school in august....and its all converging.

Has no respect for anyone that doesn't understand the danger of being hit by a line drive. (Ahhhh torts).

Went to a surprise *PROPNAME* game yesterday (surprise for me, not for the players) and had a fantastic time.

Had a minor(major) breakdown when I thought one of my exams was lost... but its all good now.

Is going to do some comfort reading tonight (oh *PROPNAME* of Green Gables...) First real exam tomorrow ://

Is going to get off her bum and go running sometime in the next 5 minutes...I promise!

hates legal writing. A lot. If I'm still awake at 3 am you'll know why.

hates discussion forums. You always end up looking pompous, idiotic or both. There's no winning.

Should be doing work, but isn't (obviously). Yay dance class tonight! Shimmy shimmy shimmy....

Just back from Scotland (the brave)! In Raleigh this week, hit me up.

My car is full of all my wordly possessions....ah the nomadic life.

I don't think I have a famous person....hmmmm....okay with that though.

mmmmm...pint of Haagen-Dazs peach sorbet and no running. Doin' good today.

Up figurin out school-ool-ool. Be back in NC this weekend.

is in love with *PROPNAME* in downtown Raleigh. And *PROPNAME*.

is just hangin' out with ol' Dex. Study study study.

doesn't actually condone vigilante justice...I really shouldn't skip lunch anymore...

Saw District 9. So real. So good. So stressful.

wishes the weekend was longer. Yayyyyy NC! Yay Smancy!

Must sleep, must sleep. Too excited for the weekend.

Rainy days = warm food. Its worth it.

A storm's abrewin'! Snow is starting to stick....

Needs job//money to support hobbies other than studying....

is soaked. Umbrella broke. Good morning, dear Monday.

is sooooo tired of legal practice homework.

Monday comes too fast and too early.

Relaxing after my delicious, noodly, post-exam lunch.

Can't wait for Noon-thirty on Thursday!

Might just vomit. I hate exams.

Listless....better snap out of it soon

can't wait to head outtt

Oh to find an internship....

WARNING: Spring Guns and Droids

has major, major cabin fever.