Day looking up, I will be able to exchange the defective flat iron!  I realized that New Moon comes out when I will be home for Thanksgiving, any body want to go see it with me?  Still looking forward to Glee...I feel a little dirty thinking that *PROPNAME* is hot

A Big Green and White Double Header!!  First the ballers will start out by beating up on Northwestern just like the ladies slapped around those sad Wolverines yesterday....then on to watch the MSU Football team wallop Texas Tech!!  Its a great day to BLEED GREEN!!  GO SPARTANS!!!

What is going on with this bowl game?  I thought that MSU losing 20% of thier players was bad...now texas tech coach scandle?   If you were going to toss a kid in the closet...would you chose the one whose dad is on tv everynight??  Bad call dude!

I love my mom! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today... please copy and paste to your profile! I expect to see this many times on my page!

As much as I love Twlight (Team Taylor!), it is just me, or is it extreeme to be taking kids to see it tonight that are still in elementary school when they have school tomorrow! I guess taking kids period, with the attacks and sexual stuff....

The guy next to me getting a mani//pedi tonight reminded me of someone my dad would golf with...kinda reminded me of home until he started singing along with the radio to Ace of Base, Madonna, and Cher.  It was so hard not to laugh!! So Atlanta!

I think quite possibly that MSU is one of the only teams in the Big Ten where the other team can have that many penalties and we still lose...the pizza pizza bowl is a GOAL now...and hockey is sucking a big one...when does basketball start?

So my dome light will not go out when I am driving, I actually reasched the problem myself and sent *PROPNAME* out to spray the crap out of my door latches with wd40...I cannot believe I was on a forum looking up car stuff...

*PROPNAME* is terrified of the half deflated mylar balloon outside of our condo, when we went for a walk she barked at it and then peed all over herself when I grabbed it to toss it out.  She is such a frady pup!

So Variety is reporting that the cast of Jersey Shore is coming back for a second season, making $10,000 per episode.  I guess they were making a few hundred per episode before.  That is alot of tanning, hair products, and tiny tops!

The devistation in Haiti is heartbreaking, I cannot imagine when they start running out of food and water, and without a sewer system that is going to be hell in that climate...I really hope there is not violence when resources are exahusted

At home, trying to remember who I am related to and witch kids belong to witch cousin....and craving polish food.  In another devolopment, I thought I would be able to escape country music in the north, but in reality it is worse...

I was just watching "*PROPNAME* in Real Life" while I was working on my Christmas cards, and I just realized...*PROPNAME* (*PROPNAME*)  is the cop that pulls *PROPNAME* over and has his cruiser backed into.  HE IS WAY BETTER LOOKING WITHOUT THAT HAIR!

I think I am going to start a Book Club with my girlfriends...any of you peaches intersted.  In my mind it will be a good excuse to sit around and drink wine and maybe talk about the book for a few minutes...

dang...is this what people feel like when the wings take it all??  Personally when the wings take it all in the cup it makes me smile, but for some reason a suprizing number of people are not red wings fans...

Breaking News: At the Atlanta Zoo, an old guy with a long white beard was caught try to lure 2 of each animal out of the exhibits.  It is also reported that he arrived in a large wooden boat...

Today I am thankful that I am able to be in Michigan with my family.  I am also thankful for my families in Michigan and in Atlanta.  I am most thankful for everyone I love being healthy today.

It's DOPPELGANGER Week. Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble (actor, singer, athlete, etc)...I have been told by multiple people that I look like *PROPNAME*.  I guess it could be worse

Maybe it was a seisure?  She seems ok today, no weird movements, eating and drinking, and her cagemate is acting normal...I read online that strokes are common but it doesnt sound like they bounce back that quick...

I think one of my gerbils had a stroke...Poor little guy!  After I put the food and water next to her she perked up a little, but she still is moving weird and falling over...

Hey Atlanta: you may see my work on the evening news...Some guy was shot in the foot in our parking lot, that we share with the probation office...I have heard rumors he shot himself...

DANG IT!!  If you are in Atlanta and need somehere to go for NYE, come to my house, I have food and drink, almost all of my guests are sick or have sick kids!

If you push print once....you only get one copy, so dont look at me like a moron when I bring you the 6 other copys from the 6 other times you pressed print...

Wow I am really in a funk...I had no idea *PROPNAME* was fired! I knew it was most likely going to be his last season, but I hardly ever miss stuff like that

So Glee was not so bad...here is the question, is the diva going to tell the ladies and that is how *PROPNAME* is going to find out that *PROPNAME* is the father

Well, if I dont root for the Colts I am pretty sure that *PROPNAME* will never talk to me again, and  we need him at trivia for Sports questions, so GO COLTS!

My mom and I were talking about all the food that reminds me of home last night, now I am a little home sick.  I love this time of year in Michigan!

feeling much better today!  So if the head coach of Texas Tech was fired, is this even going to be a fair game?  Maybe considering many of our players were stupid...

In the murder mitten...it is cold!   Also HAPPY 11th BIRTHDAY MAX!  no matter how old you get you will still be a whiny pain in the ass to me puppy

This rain has gotten me down today, that and the fact that my flat iron died...bad hair and I am cranky...At least I can look forward to Glee tonight!

I did not realize that *PROPNAME* (the guy from "to catch a predator") went to MSU, that is actually pretty cool.  He is a bad ass in a turtleneck!

Thank you to everyone that was able to come out for my birthday dinner, and I sincerely appologize to the guys that thought that tapas bar was topless bar...

So, I got something in my eye and rubbed it and now it looks like I got punched in the face...everyone was making domestic violence jokes at the party...

Going to have my emmissions tested, want to just get that out of the way and today seems like a good day for it!  Also running other errands...

now I kinda wish it was snowing...just for over night, then after I am able to enjoy it over a cup of coffee then it can vanish!

I am in a funk today...I dont know if it is depression, maybe a lack of motivation because of depression.  This process is not for the impatient.

So...I never got the facination with farmville until I built my zoo...totally addicted!  If you have zooworld let me know I will send you a gift

I am feeling strangely homesick from thinking about my birthday...I havent had a good one since college...maybe i will just stop trying to make it special

SNOWING!  All of atlanta grinds to a halt for a snow flurry....SO glad I am at home!  Careful driving with the crazies out there people!

So, I tried to sit down and pay my birthday tax today, and I cannot find the paper work...I know I have it here somewhere!

wow, nothing like losing to a MAC team to make me cry...I would like to thank pete for ruining the game for me as well...jurk...

I reunited a cat with her owner today...Feels nice but I am not sure how to tell denny there was a cat in the condo....

So, my tickets for Saturday's Spartan wallop of the *PROPNAME* are in the mail, I should have them tomorrow...Does anyone want to go see U2?

Today did suck...*PROPNAME* came home with 40 mega rolls of one ply toilet paper....I am going to be using prison tp until at least Easter!

So apperently the owners at my school have decided that they want to make things as complicated as possible...enter new and stupidly expensive computer program!

I would give my left ear to be able to watch the big ten network I ordered, thanks for ruinung my game day comcast...

Has anyone else noticed that the dolphin with the helmet on the Miami Dolphins logo looks like it should be riding the short bus?

Well, Big Ten is looking awsome in the bowls so far, the buck and the kittens gave great show...Hopefully MSU will follow suit!

*PROPNAME* noms as predicted...*PROPNAME* saw his furry shadow but the weather man said we are in an el nino...I am on team rodent!

Watered plants, cleaned gerbil cage, did laundry, washed the dishes. Starting on packing  then off to pick up my shoes from the cobbler!