I don't hate you.// Well, you found me. Congratulations. Was it worth it?// The only thing you've managed to break so far is my heart.// This isn't brave. It's murder.// What did I ever do to you?// You don't care, do you.// Please proceed to Andorid Hell.

has 48 hours to do pretty much all her break work, clean her room, do the dishes, rearrange the furniture in her room, and practive drop spins maybe a dozen more times. XD Why not, right?

has an Autobot lunchbox, and can therefore die happy now. :) In other news, she has also spent the last three hours on an off reading a webcomic that started in 1999.

The day you wake up and realize you've just slept twelve hours and still want to sleep some more is the day you need to get back on a regular sleeping schedule.

will be up very late so she can ride with her dad to the airport to pick up her mamacita from a (as of now) 11:20 PM landing in from Illinois.

has grown weary of drawing her paranoid, soldier//housewife Jynx character in comic form, and must thusly go to sleep to replenish her desire to work tirelessly on a mere audition.

has made more cookies, as well as a bunch of croissants for breakfast and piggies in various blankets for tomorrow afternoon. Despite the late//early hour, this is only further awesomeness.

IS IN COMPLETE LOVE WITH THE BLACKBERRY HER MOM JUST SURPRISED HER WITH. AND YES. SHE IS SO EXCITED, THAT CAPS ARE COMPLETELY NECESSARY. <3 <3 <3 <3 <3<3

needs to stop stressing over her personal stuff. Homework beckons with a bejeweled, smirking claw, and I must answer, tethered by iron to the responsibilities of real life.

was about to finish a digital painting before her tablet went haywire. Is now contemplating the many ways she wishes to exact her revenge on faulty technology.

is sore and wants the knot of muscles at the base of her neck to stop hurting. On the other hand, YAY I'M IN ILLINOIS! <3

should spend less time writing chapters for the story she'll never finish, and try reading more books. Preferably, during the daytime, and not at 3:00 AM.

A Great New Year to everybody. :) <3 Make the best of everything you see, and never let the bad stuff keep you down for long!

can't sit on her futon because she knows as soon as she does she'll lie down and pass out. Uncomfortable rolly desk chair it is. :(

is grateful she did most of her work during her wait for a ride home this afternoon and then during the Open House. Sleeeep, she beckons.

has a fair idea of how to manage the 2.5 kids cliche... She just needs a very strong gentleman named *PROPNAME* and thriteen wet napkins.

thinks Oviedo play was awesome (as it should be. Sleep, though-- she beckons sweetly with the promise of dreams and pillow-related comfort. Night all.

was all prepared to do her weekend homeowrk the morning it was due, but realized she left the necessary binder at school. FFFFFFFFFFFFF-

Is it a problem if my main reason to come to Facebook now is to join groups and become a fan of things?

got taught how to use the register (<3!!!~), enjoyed (500) Days of Summer, and is looking forward to going to the beach Monday.

drove to a gas station. Number of times sent into a panic behind the wheel: 6. I hate 40 mph zones. D;

needs to stop listening to her normal playlist if she wants to stop waking up feeling like she's missed something big.

is in the last day of her two-day mad dash to finish. Can she get all her work done it time???

, in the post office, with the long-overdue copy of Photoshop for a friend. I win at the game of Clue.

has a watch that matches her glasses. She wishes she hadn't spazzed with glee when she saw it in the store.

thinks maybe singing along with the radio during most of the eight-hour ride home didn't help her throat//cough//chestcold thingvery much.

is looking forward to early January. Not the birthday per se, but the potential to meet a good friend. :)

is gonna stay awake all night. Then I should be able to just pass out at 9 PM tomorrow (today).

can't breathe and feels like her insides are clawing their way out through her belly button. I hate pain.

Why is it I'm only getting the urge to draw when I have stuff to do for school? D;

realizes traditional media hate her and has shunned her penvcils in favor of the tablet. That'll learn 'em.

has a comfortably comfy and mildly oversized cotton jacket from Wal*Mart. Yay, it's so soft. <3 <3 <3

actually doesn't mind coloring with markers as much as she thought. Yay for coloring vividly creepy villainesses! :D

Far away // This ship has taken me so far away... Goshdarnit, Muse, stop being so awesome.

is going to work on comics, then crash into her futon with all the love unconsciousness deserves.

saw a nun zombie, and liked it. Also, *PROPNAME* + Tentacle!Man + Psychic Powers = GREAT Party.

just made a nucketful of cookies and a bunch of baked fries. :) Yes, I am awesome.

went to bed early, slept in, and still feels like she hasn'tgotten a proper night's sleep.

is celebrating her new haircut by listening to swinger music and generally looking like a doofus.

has a really confusing internal dilemma. She also wonders if anyone can guess what it is.

wishes she weren't ticklish sometimes. Right now, though, is not one of those times. :)

is tired. She would sleep, but there's a cat on her desk that requires supervision.

is reflecting on it and is actually very happy she's not in IB right now.

really hates hormones and emotions right now. Well, has hated them a lot recently. Goodness.

has work tomorrow, and hopes they teach her how to use the cash register. :D

thinks she needs to stop leaving so many pictures half-done before getting new ideas.

Why are the people I want to talk to never online when I am?

is reading, admiring her permit, and occasionally glancing at her ner McDonald's uniform.

is so sleepy it's not even funny that's she can't get to sleep.

Who'da thought a single text message could be enough to change my mind?