....Soy un aprensivo, me sigue la enfermedad, soy un tío vivo, soy un tipo de verdad. Soy caro cuando hay vicio, soy igual desde el principio y hasta el final es lo que tengo, es lo que hay, tengo una paja mental, que ya no sé de qué va....

Yuppie (short for "young urban professional" or "young upwardly-mobile professional") [1] is a 1980s and early 1990s term for financially secure, upper-middle class young people in their 20s and early 30s.  [2]. Although its first usage was as a media catchphrase, it eventually became somewhat derogatory in nature.

Press on- nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent. *PROPNAME*

"Self-observation brings man to the realization of the necessity of self-change. And in observing himself a man notices that self-observation itself brings about certain changes in his inner processes. He begins to understand that self-observation is an instrument of self-change, a means of awakening.” ---alguien

I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it. -----Grouch Marx

“It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.” *PROPNAME*

“It is only too true that a lot of artists are mentally ill- it's a life which, to put it mildly, makes one an outsider. I'm all right when I completely immerse myself in work, but I'll always remain half crazy.” *PROPNAME*

The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself.     -*PROPNAME*

o be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.   ~e.e. cummings

To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting. ~e.e. cummings

“Men are like a fine wine. They all start out like grapes, and it's our job to stomp on them and keep them in the dark until they mature into something you'd like to have dinner with.”  *PROPNAME* quotes

"Hippy is an establishment label for a profound, invisible, underground, evolutionary process. For every visible hippy, barefoot, beflowered, beaded, there are a thousand invisible members of the turned-on underground. Persons whose lives are tuned in to 

“I do not fear failure. I only fear the "slowing up" of the engine inside of me which is pounding, saying, "Keep going, someone must be on top, why not you?" ---*PROPNAME*

Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. It is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion. --oscar wilde

...Los amorosos andan como locos  porque están solos, solos, solos,  entregándose, dándose a cada rato,  llorando porque no salvan al amor.... -*PROPNAME* (se me había olvidado la poesía, gracias jess)

HOY ArTCitY TOUR pasa por CasaTripartito, nuevas prendas Tripartito+performance por la PieldeNaranjayLaQuince + EXPO CARLOS DE PAZ celebrando 15 años de unión con *PROPNAME* Galería.... Cierre en el Bar Steinvorth!

whom that i know and have not seen in agesss lives in NY city???? flying in this coming saturday and shall be staying for a week!! :)

“If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.” --*PROPNAME*,

dem gracias a todos los que vinieron, me ayudaron dem!!!! *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* gratcie por tocar  y poner todO! son exitosos...

No soporto al artista cuya principal motivación sea la provocación. Creo que los grandes provocadores lo son sin proponérselo...         -Pedro Almodovar

“Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. Ask questions, then feel the answer. Learn to trust your heart.”

....Que no te falte capacidad, para discernir el mas aca, del confuso mas alla, que es realidad aparte.....  --(bunbury)

TALLER TRIPARTITO PRENDAS NUEVAS A LA VENTA.... vestidos, camisas y pantalones! ABIERTO DE 11am - 8pm LUNES - SABADO!

You can't always get what you want. But if you try, sometimes you'll find what you need. -Rolling Stones

en montevideo donde rodri que es un amor.... a ver a dani y ern.... con los umpis :)

Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.

“Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.”

“Feelings are not supposed to be logical. Dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions.” *PROPNAME*

…The photograph should be more interesting or more beautiful than what was photographed...  ---*PROPNAME*.

may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows your dead...

may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil know your dead...

“Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler.” -Nietzsche

By allowing all of life's colors to penetrate us, we become more integrated...

QUIERO Nicaragua y el ghetto otra vezz!!!! sonambulear por San Juan del Sur...

Everything is fine until it isn’t. And then you deal with it.

últimos días en buenos aires..... jardínes, warhol, cuero, y más carne!

necesito TODOS los negativos POSIBLES de fotos... si tienen plzzzz démenlos!!

Distance tests a horse's strength. Time reveals a person's character....

Morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace. ---Oscar Wilde

“Be the change you want to see in the world.”

We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge. -*PROPNAME*

14 de marzo: GAURA MANTRA FEST: JACOB KARPIO GALERIA

Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.

whitney museum.... media biblioteca... mañana MOMA, Union Square...

MIL gratci a TODOS por las congratulations :)

MOMA al fin... union square and such...shoe shopping...

feliz navidad a todossss.... @ aeropuerto Lima

15 minutes of fame: 18 de *PROPNAME*

jazz is so pleasant :).... bliss

i am a chinese hippie