Lame Canada! Sorry neighbors to the north, but after China’s opening Olympic ceremony 2 years ago, that was just weak. Even *PROPNAME* can’t show up 10,000 in sync drumming Chinamen. Glad the U.S. didn’t get the bid for 2010 lol.

I was woke up at 7:30 in the morning on Sun by my mother informing me of the Gator loss. If I wasn't so hungover I probably would have cried. : ( I still love you Gators!

I feel like its the end of an era in Gator football! : (  I am so lucky and thankful I got to go to UF when I did! Thank you Tebow and thank you Urban!

Not doing too well in the coordination department today. I ran the motorbike up some stair this morning and almost ate it just now (yet again on some stairs)

Watching the Rose Bowl online isn't as much fun.  I have to keep refreshing to find out what happened the last play : ( Go SEC!

I have ONE homework assignment for ONE easy weekend class and I can't bring myself to do it. . .holy procrastinator. .Whats wrong with me!

12 days and counting... . oh and Surrogates sucked! Save your money unless your want to see a crappy version of I Robot.

I'm wondering if I can make it through another 3 days of singing "head, shoulders, knees and toes" 10 times each day.

Just got to Thailand! Korean Air= best airlne ever! But sitting for 20 hours sucks no matter how good the movies are.

Never seen a 10 year old and a 60 year old driving a motorcycle on the same steet until today :)

had to laugh when the doctor was cutting off her Thai good luck bracelets in order to put on a cast.

Avatar was AMAZING! I loved it. Spend the money and see it in IMAX 3-D. I promise it's worth it!

I was one of the lucky ones to get air conditioning and internet in my apt in Thailand! Yay!

Why is there always a "gunman" on USF campus. . .didn't have to worry about that crap in Gainesville!

At the beach in Bang Saphan! Didn't know how much I'd missed the water till I got here!

After teaching for just 3 weeks, I finally understand the importance coffee plays in people's everyday lives.

Class of 40 kids. . .3 showed up. .because it rained. That would never fly in Florida!

3- Day weekend! Going to Chaing Mai! If anyone is going to be there, call us!

Looking to go to the Gator game if anyone is selling a ticket (student or non)

I've been wondering why no one can leave me wall post. . .figured it out! Yay!

is officially certified to teach English abroad! Now, to find a job. . .

Am I the only one that hates the new shakira song?!! It's horrible!

Oh Bangkok, I will miss you and your lady boy calypso show haha

Tahtako is small and no one speaks English, but the people are friendly!

Last day in Ko Chang : (  but teaching starts Monday : )

I love *PROPNAME*, I can't believe she died : (

Can't wait for February so I can start traveling again!

Going ot Ko Chang Island to hopefully ride some elephants!

Is not looking forward to this reeeeeally long flight!

Mash Potatoes were a big hit in Thailand!

Is getting anxious about Thailand and money :{

"Just let me live my life" -*PROPNAME*

Lesson planning sucks. . .so I'm procrastinating.

Do I have a celebrity look-a-like?

Thank you everybody! Love you all!

Yeah, about that hot water....

Could I be anymore bored?