is upset.  *PROPNAME* ditched our appointment I made, after I waited in the office for about an hour, and now I'll probably never get to talk to her.  I wish she'd actually do her job in stead of taking 5 hour lunch breaks then leaving early.... Bitch.

I, I'm thinking it's a sign That the freckles in our eyes Are mirror images, and when we kiss They're perfectly aligned And I have to speculate That God himself did make Us into corresponding shapes Like puzzle pieces from the clay

I just realized that the song "All I wanna do is make love to you" by Heart is about a woman picking up a stranger and seducing him in order to get a child... Wha?

*PROPNAME* made it up to me today... after I waited for her for a half hour past our appointment time. Sheesh. But *PROPNAME* was awesome enough to let me have some hot chocolate :)

got a jersy from *PROPNAME*, a clean car from her mother, and a free portfolio from her sister! Not too shabby for the unexciting 22nd birthday. :D Thank you everyone!

Hates *PROPNAME* for starting her on this damn farm town app.  You all must stert playing now and give me gifts! And mafia wars too. FML I'm a loser.

has come to the realization that I hate Architecture. Hate it. Integrations is the worst experience ever. I'll be happy passing with a C.

GODDAMNIT!!!! FUCK YOU LINCOLN!!! Kick HIGHER! And the guy took off his helmit! We should have had a re-kick! What BS is this? AAAARRRRG!!!!!!

is reading Master and Fool, the convoluted finally to The Book of Words trillogy, in between playing stupid facebook apps... Such a Nerd. >.<

dealing with crazy people all day... A&A ppl: don't forget the lecture tonight! Not sure what it is about though... :P

is creating a LinkedIn account, as if she didn't already have too many networking accounts to keep track of!

realizes that she has friends on Facebook that she doesn't remember how she met... is that wrong? Discuss:

thinks she will keep this as her profile pic until those tan lines fade, if that ever happens.

hopes to have her drawings finished in exactly one week from now... let's see how THAT works out...

is in Knoxilla for a few days. Trying to get this Germany thing settled. Still. Garg!

is ready for school to start back... summer sucks when you aren't actually on vacation

is stressed... but has great tickets for the game! row 1 baby! Woot!

is going to the mellow mushroom after work at 8.

would like to bash her head against a concrete wall.

absolutely hates AutoCAD.  Why am I still in architecture?

is blah blah blah....but... TGIF!!! Happy weekend everyone!!!

must be insane for starting a twitter account

Come on UT: We need a touchdown!

will be in knoxville for break. >.<'

hopes that transformers isn't sold out!

will post some Halloween pictures... eventually.

needs to suck it up.

*PROPNAME* comes back tonight!!! YAAAAAYYYY!!!!!!

Hello, to high and dry.

just got skype. name: ljacocke