Heard since it's Vday weekend that people were changing their profile pics. Don't have a pictures of me and all three of my valentines (but *PROPNAME* is in the belly here) Can you imagine if I tried picking up *PROPNAME* now? :)

It is so true - your hair always looks great the day before you have a hair appointment.  However, as soon as I step out in this humidity, I will be jolted back to reality.

The lady at Panera didn't even have to ask me my name today. It showed up on my receipt - spelled correctly.  Maybe I need to hit up Greenberry's for a little bit.

Anyone know a plow guy lookin' for work?  haha.  Seriously, if you know anyone that can get to us today or early tomorrow - send me the info, yo.

is wondering how the 8lb kid and the 91lb dog will do in the back of the Altima on a road trip.  I guess we'll see!!

is missing all of her CTY peeps.  She hopes they will keep her updated on what happening in that little town with big city problems.

Watching NCIS marathon.  Last time I did this, I investigated mysterious deaths all night long!  And I had to work the next day!

Fly Eagles Fly!  On the road to victory!  Fight Eagles Fight! Get a touchdown one, two, three... (four, etc. etc.)  :)

in need of a babysitter the afternoon and evening of UVA v. VT...any ideas?  Know any great sitters?  HELP!  :)

Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice. Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice.

Inside Edition has hit an all time low.  Lead story: Will the crisis in Haiti affect the Golden Globe Awards?

heard someone say that status updates are the ultimate form of narcissism.  Got her thinkin'.  Could that be true?

Raise your hand if you are snowed in AND consuming way too many calories.  I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!

My FB font is huge - regular size on every other program - what did I do?  Help!

The largest front end loader I have ever seen just plowed our driveway.  Ah, the smell of freedom.

My husband is out in the 18" playing with the dog and the neighbors' kids.  Gotta love him.

Recognized more silver lining than cloud on a fairly cloudy day - what a freeing experience!

is trying to get in touch with the notorious V.A.L.   Yo, *PROPNAME*, call be back sistah!

is proud to admit she is a 35 year old mom who LOVES Eminem.

is listening to my dog, my husband, and my baby snore...simultaneously.  I AM SURROUNDED!!!

is taking care of *PROPNAME* and his first cold.  Mommy no likey.

It's raining, it's pouring...and I just flat ironed my hair.  Bleh.

Anyone interested in training for the Cville 10 miler with me?

doesn't think Carlisle is going to happen this summer.  Sorry guys!

is once again wishing for a gardener and a maid.

is helping her husband start his facebook account.  Oh no.

Anyone have a gently-used treadmill they'd like to sell?

is hoping *PROPNAME* slept through the night for *PROPNAME*.

messing with her new MacBook Pro, thanks Albemarle County!

would now like to rename her son *PROPNAME*

Reality check.  We are fortunate.  Prayers for Haiti.

drank too much iced tea before bed.

is longing for the comfort of familiar.

is thinking about a CTY reunion...hmmmm.......

thinks she's a rock star...THINKS.  Bleh.

loved hanging out with Klocks!