Dear BioWare: Dragon Age is a wonderful and entertaining game, but epic fail on the load times.  At least make the wait entertaining.  Instead of blood tracks on a map (or awkward elevator rides), how about a 2D hack 'n slash minigame?

We consider a pure gas composed of rigid, nonattracting spherical molecules of diameter d and mass m, and the number density (number of molecules per unit volume) is taken to be n.

Mass Effect 2: It's nice to see that the Nigerian 419 scam is still going strong in 2184, this time with Batarians trying to recover quarantined Prothean artifacts.

Contra Costa County is now recruiting prison cooks at Caltech.  I didn't know they needed prison cooks that badly.  Besides, there's probably a 3.5 GPA requirement somewhere...

I don't know why new car dealers in Houston insist on all-season tires on all their products.  We have snow one day every 3 years!

The moral of Ninja Assassins: if you're ever attacked by black pajama-clad assassins, your only chance of survival is riding in a Volkswagen Eos.

What's this song I'm hearing on the radio with sirens, screams and gunshots?  Oh right, it's "Santa Claus is Coming to Town."

My 2005 *PROPNAME* has a ridiculously sharp throttle response.  I wonder if it has anything to do with the unintended acceleration problems...

just realized that it's cheaper to run his car on lard in Texas ($6.22//gallon) than on diesel ($6.77//gallon) in the UK.

I know many people have faced this issue before, but MIT Graduate Admissions should stop denying the existence of Caltech...

It's really irksome when a grad school application recognizes 'California Institute of Locksmithing' but not 'California Institute of Technology.'

Southern rap: oh, the amazing things you can do with a minimalist palette of shouts, chants, and grunts.

Note to 'The Wildlife Fund': Fuck you, stop pestering me about your $500 'donation' to my nonexistent 'zoo'.

Good thing Caltech doesn't have a front gate; otherwise, someone would write "Wirklichkeit Macht Frei" on top.

told the guy behind the fish counter to gut a catfish by mimicing longitudinal write slices.

Apparently "California Institute of Technology" is too long a name for MIT Graduate Admissions.

It's creepy how facebook suggests that a certain friend has too few friends.

I love how Techers are always tagged as "The Smart One."

My family now has 1 car//person, down from 1.25 cars//person.

According to a certain oil//gas industry recruiter, 3.4 < 3.0.

The AeroPress is back in business.  America, fuck yeah!

Fun( baiting Russian trolls) > Fun( baiting generic trolls)

wonders why engineers are overrepresented in terrorist organizations.