It’s true what they say; ignorance IS bliss. I envy kids that way, for not having the mental maturity to understand all the problems surrounding them. It’s nice to see that happiness and naivety every once in a while.

"Halfway around the world Lies the one thing that you want Buried in the ground, hundreds of miles down First thing that arises in your mind while you awake Bending you til you break"

(purposefully contradicting *PROPNAME*) AGHH!! The heat! *opens arms in welcoming fashion*. I mean, you all complain when it's cold and rainy, as per usual, and you complain when it's warm. CONSISTENCY, PEOPLE!

It's freaky. My brother's only two inches off me. Eh, he still has freakishly large feet. I can live happy with that abnormality even if it's not accompanied by a 5'4" frame.

Ugh I'm hungry. Siren Song - Bat For Lashes. Take Me To The Riot - Stars. Consolers Of The Lonely - The Raconteurs. Running Up That Hill - Placebo.

is craving a vanilla latte and some new good music 'cause she's bored of just going through her shuffle... something Decemberist-esque? (Ha, that's a mouthful.)

There are so many fucked up people because there are so many fucked up marriages or lack thereof.

Was ANYONE else off school today? I was sure nobody would be able to get in. Eh.

Spent all day watching Glee. I hate it and love it at the same time. SO CHEESY!

Had great day in the snow with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. More to follow tomorrow :D

The lighting's really weird out; the sky is dark, but everything else is almost luminescent.

My inability to wash up properly means that nobody trusts me to do it :)

To anyone who gives a shit, look at the photo I found of Wogie!!!

"I'm a road runner honey and you can't keep up with me" ~Aerosmith :)

My brother is watching the Jerk Theory for the third time since Friday.

I must be pregnant, or something. It's not natural to have hummus cravings...

I had pancakes for lunch. I'm gonna die young and fat :'(

Downloading a new playlist. 1 hour, 40 minutes to go - woopee!

I'd swear the 'rents were just yelling "gavinda" right now...

Shitty day + Monday Migraine + Late home = URRRRRRRRG!

*Swallows down last mouthful of seventh cup of tea today*

FUCKING HELL! THE THUNDER IS RIGHT ABOVE THE HOUSE!

EVERYTHING FUCKING ACHES! (Don't you dare like this, *PROPNAME*.)

has burnt her finger. It really hurts, as well.

How do you find out your fucking color group?

Got a brilliant new playlist :D I heart it.

made lemon cupcakes with pink icing. Ahhh, E. numbers.

What modules//points do we have to revise for Chemistry?

wants to bury her head in a hole.

Has anyone seen our homework timetables? Fucking A.

Half of my English coursework done. Woot!

"Ooooooh, I think I smell a rattttt"

My hair smells like cookies...worrying... :S

The Vanishing Act of *PROPNAME* <3

"NOT THAT KIND OF ESCORT!!!" Hehehe.

is, decidedly, an eloquent drunk.

Tired with a pancake craving...