is a female who has the body of a goddess and the brain of a genius. Men are drawn to her good looks and her awsome sense of humour. Out of all the females in the world its the Erins who rule. (urban dictionary)

Research, tea at Freer house, colloquia lecture, three classes and then finally to *PROPNAME*'s for the night. The only thing making this day better is that I get free food.

Working in the lab, french oral exam, and then going to TAc becuase they're still charging me even though my membership should have ended in October.

I have to write a six page peper on women's pornography use, then class from 4:00 til 7:30 and then *PROPNAME*'s house for the night.

golf and alcohol don't mix and that's why I don't drink and drive- work 3:30 to close and then the movies with *PROPNAME*

studying for my french oral exam (hopefully my partner shows up), research, class til 7:30 and then *PROPNAME*'s house for the night.

Signed up for winter classes. I only have two psych classes and directed research study. Next semester is going to be great!

work 10-close and then home becuase I'm going to smell from the 450 pieces of bacon we have to make :(

Working 11-close then going to the movies with *PROPNAME*, either to see The Men Who Stare at Goats or Christmas Carol

In the lab finishing up my human sexuality paper (hopefully), then french class at 12:50 and then work 3:30 to close.

going my brothers paper route again, french class, work 3:30 to close and then home where I plan to collapse.

French 12:50 to 2:40 and then work 3:30 to close.  I seriously wish I could just skip all of it.

Going to my meme's to decorate her Christmas tree, then hanging out with *PROPNAME*. Maybe making some cookies tonight?

today is my day off! Going to *PROPNAME*'s to sort is comics and then maybe see A Cristmas Carol

Research, classes til 7:30 and the to *PROPNAME*'s house to watch So You Think You Can Dance and Chopped.

Research and more research and then work 3:30 to 11:00 where I will probably work on more research

Christmas tea with the females of  my mom's family, then home to bake cookies. Maybe out later.

Research at 12 and then classes after til 7:30 and then finally *PROPNAME*'s house for the night!

waiting for *PROPNAME* to get out of school. I should probably do something productive with my time.

research, poster day, french class (je deteste), work 3:30 to close, then finally home. Long day today.

at school til 7:30 then home where I will hopefully get to watch ANTM from last night

un examen francais and then work 3:30 to close and then studying for my quiz tomorrow.

working out, Target, and the starting the immense amount of reading I have to do.

My God, I just got so much homework done. I should not have class everday.

I have to run errands but it's cold outside so I really don't want to.

Making baked apples with a cocoa butter filling and creme angliase. Hopefully they're good.

so sleepy and cold, class til 7:30 and then to *PROPNAME*'s for the night

Research, french class, and then possibly work? I don't know, no one told me!

the spaces between my fingers are where yours fit perfectly :) School til 7:30

baking pies and cleaning the house before going to a *PROPNAME* family Christmas party!

Work 9-2 then  going to see Where the Wild Things Are with *PROPNAME* :)

Work 11-close and then going to see New Moon with *PROPNAME*! I can't wait!

doing my brothers paper routes, then french class, then work, then finally home

It seems like everytime I get used to Facebook, they change everything around.

Guess whose place of work got broken into last night? That's right, mine.

Cleaning the house and getting a haircut. *PROPNAME*'s over later for Christmas Eve.

going to see Crazy Heart ad go out to dinner in Royal Oak

Research meeting, french, and then work 3:30 to close, alone with Becky. :(

I have to be back to work in less than twelve hours

research, psych quiz, homework, cog psych, and then *PROPNAME*'s for the night.

Running some errands maybe, cleaning my room and then playing band hero

I'm eating a bagel. Does anyone care? Probably not. School until 7:30

Research meeting and then home to study for finals. *PROPNAME*'s house later.

colloquia with lunch, research stuff, and then home to clean my room

Research, decorating Christmas cookies, work 4-close and then *PROPNAME*'s for the night.

homework and room cleaning then watching lord of the rings with *PROPNAME*

work 9 to 3:30 then errands, then the movies with Alex.

I do not enjoy being awake early. School and then work.

work 9-3:30 then getting my nails done and possibly my hair

research, un examen francais, work, and then home for the night.