sad day....jeanne claude, wife of christo passed yesterday.  met them a couple of years ago in their soho studio...two of the most passionate artists i've ever had the pleasure meeting.

less than 24 hours and i will be free (academically) from grading landscapes, swales, sidewalks with pitches, slope, topography models, and designing cemetery sections....good bye site engineering...i won't miss you.

"oath keepers" the latest conspiracy group diverting extreme conservatives from actually doing the people's business....i think william f. buckley, jr. just did a 360 turn in his grave.

going to see newt gingrich speak thursday night at the kennedy school of government forum.........anyone have a good question i can ask him during the q and a?

is shaking his head wondering when some of his conservative christian friends became so hate filled that they will join any anti-obama group on facebook.

is reading about polystrate fossils, Uniformitarianism, and *PROPNAME*'s appointment to run the Texas State Education Board....the more I learn the more horrified I become.

is attending a multi-country bar-b-que....me, one brit, one swiss, one french, a cuban american, a jewish american, one turk, and some hungarians...happy 4th!

is doing a week of *PROPNAME*(who lives here at the Schlesinger) posts in honor of the movie coming out on Friday.

big congrats to my friend laura from wayland and her partner beth who just got hitched on prince edward island.

is watching the large amount of black sedans, suvs, and police heading toward the jfk library from my studio window.

off to gaslight for brunch then south end open studios to be artsy fartsy...........actually more artsy less fartsy.

just in from a fun fall night at the harvard//brown game...harvard won..go crimson!... down with the brown!

is in bed reading the "cultural landscape treatment report for the gropius house, lincoln, ma"....jawohl bauhaus!

jesus healed the sick and loved his enemies.....america rejects national healthcare and pours money into wars....hmmmm.

Friends in MA always say Texas elects idiots, well now I have a come back...thanks *PROPNAME*.

is slow this morning getting to the gsd library for a day of study....neeeed cofffffeee.

is watching "eraserhead".....this freaky boston weather today is perfect weather for david lynch film.

is wishing the williams sisters would lose to stosur//stubbs, but it doesn't look good.

wants to punch mother nature in the face....rain, fog, and drizzle for a month?!

creative block....schematic drawing due tomorrow....design gods please give me somethin' to work with!!!

just elected to the HGLC Executive Board tonite...very honored to serve the caucus.

just found out his sis and brother-in-law are mov'in to hawaii....uh yea.

someone just said to me "this font reminds me of you"

chuck taylors, combat boots, or vintage prada penny loafers today?

those who are tardy do not get fruit cup

back in beantown after a nice vermont excursion

really wants a kinky for govenor 2010 poster

doesn't want to finish his paper for class...grrrr.

is not luvin' site engineering homework tonite

Ambrosia artemisiifolia why are you so cruel?

is more bark, less wag today.

is more wag, less bark today.

just got back from a Shiva.

oh levi, levi, levi..you naughty boy

snow flurries in suburbia.....what?!  so soon....argh!

there's a Sonic in Massachusetts!!!