doesn't know what to make of the fact that based on my interest in TV shows like "Brotherhood" and "Californication" , Netflix has a recommendations section of other "Dysfunctional family dramas"  This includes "Dexter" and "Rescue Me" which are both shows I watch. Oh Netflix you know me so well.

Funny: Every time I have to spell a word over the phone using 'as in' examples, I will undoubtedly draw a blank and sound like a complete idiot. Today I had to spell my boss's last name to an attorney and said "Yes that's G as in...(10 second lapse)..ummm...Goonies"

The feminine version of the name *PROPNAME* meaning "the woman." Basically never printed on magnets, mugs or other souvenir paraphernalia. Often mistaken for *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* or *PROPNAME*. My name is *PROPNAME*, not *PROPNAME*, dammit. (Urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste the first entry)

is happy to have a new working DirecTV box. I can open the guide and switch channels without it freezing....and the DVR works. I can now go back to waiting until a few minutes into a show before I start watching and then fast forward through commercials!

doesn't think the changes to facebook were really needed but honestly I'm more annoyed with all the complaints I've seen about it. You get it for free so if that means every once in a while you have to deal with a new layout well...deal with it!:)

Dear Louisiana Office of Motor Vehicles employees, I understand that you probably get stuck dealing with stupid, annoying people on a regular basis.  That doesn't mean you have to be rude to everyone, especially not the friendly people like me darn it!

is wondering what the heck? Last week my computer hard drive died and just a few minutes ago I got the blue screen of death from my DirecTV box saying a problem has been detected on my hard drive. Not cool.

was enjoying my morning shower until one of those stupid Saints remixes came on the radio. I'm all for that kind of thing when I actually go to games, but I'm sick of hearing it in regular rotation on the radio.

off to the store to get the things I need to make caramel apple cookies. I hope that mine turn out as good as the picture! I also hope that they have the caramel bits I need at this Walmart!

is wondering how many people get themselves screwed out of money by not paying attention and keeping records of stuff. I just added another $70 to my "um no dumby actually I don't owe you that money" total. Yay me:)

is feeling productive after posting *PROPNAME*'s care on autotrader. If anyone is possibly interested in a 2006 Honda Civic Si for ~$13500 let me know. I will post the link too once it's officially up on the site!

is off to bed and hoping not to be woken up by things flapping and crashing from the crazy wind outside. On the up side it's going to be in the 60-70 range for the next week!:)

The first 2 Atlantic tropical storms, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, have formed. I'm not too worried but have to admit there's a little unease about the idea of something making it here. Afterall, this is my first rodeo!

is nervous about getting cavities filled for the first time ever tomorrow:( The up side is that it probably isn't as bad as repair work from stepping on a shovel;) There I feel a bit better now!

is off to the gym again. I tried and can't think of a valid reason not to go, plus my legs aren't sore are at all from yesterday. I will will thank myself for this later:)

just saw a commercial for Rihanna's 20//20 interview about her ordeal with *PROPNAME*...isn't it convenient that she is finally able to talk about it in an interview aired the day after her new album comes out?

"You try growing up in a trailer park with nothing but dust mites and Lithuanians and see where that gets you"..a line from a terrible movie on netflix on demand, but it made me giggle

*PROPNAME* brought me breakfast in bed this morning, hanging out with *PROPNAME* later, then a delicious pineapple pork chop dinner made by *PROPNAME* and watching a movie..what a great day it's going to be!:D

For once I meant to let my phone battery die all the way before recharging and did I remember to plug it in once it reached that point? Not until just now...oops

is pretty sure I'm coming down with whatever *PROPNAME* considering I just folded a load of towels and now feel completely drained.  The good news is that the TV is working again:)

is annoyed that GM decided it would be cool to have some stupid ass bracket for wiper blades on the G6 resulting in me having to pay $70 for replacement blades.

Sometimes, I'll watch a movie that I watched when I was younger and suddenly realize I had no idea what the f**k was going on when I first saw it.

is taking *PROPNAME* to the vet for her annual check-up. I know it's good for her I just always feel a bit bad because she hates it so much :(

is trying to decide what to stock the fridge with so there is a chance that *PROPNAME* will eat something besides fast food for 5 days that I'm gone! :)

why oh why do I let myself watch animal cops shows? I just end up feeling a mix of sadness for the animals and almost rage towards the people involved.

had a good workout at the gym this afternoon, just took a nice relaxing jacuzzi bath and now off to bed with fresh from the dyer sheets. Ahhhhh fantastic:)

wasn't very impressed with "Taking of Pelham 123" although I was amused by *PROPNAME*'s character talking about the girl he took to Iceland..a Lithuanian ass model named Lavitika.  Ha

is happily watching Pixar short films on abc family while my DVR records *PROPNAME* on another channel:) Oh and I'm drinking my pumpkin spice coffee too! Life is good!

set my calorie goal for wii fit tonight as a piece of fried chicken....turns out it takes a lot of work to burn off a piece of fried chicken!

almost time to make white chicken chili with cheddar jalepeno hushpuppy crust. It's going to be even better than usual 'cause we finally have some fall weather here!

went to see "The Hangover" tonight then came home to enjoy a nice relaxing jacuzzi tub bath with a glass of wine...life doesn't get much better than that!

just finished playing wii fit plus and burned an ice cream cone worth of calories. Now it's ok for me to eat an ice cream right? Kidding:)

just finished watching " Dear Zachary: a letter from a father to his son". It was a pretty good documentary but very emotional...I suggest having tissues nearby

I like all of the music in my iTunes, except when it's on shuffle, then I like about one in every fifteen songs in my iTunes.

didn't think that coming to take care of the water heater first thing in the morning meant 11...I guess there's still 45 mins until it afternoon!

Bad news: Novocaine is wearing off so my mouth is hurting a bit now. Good news: I can now drink my pumpkin spice latte without dribbling:)

perhaps *PROPNAME* putting off getting our Halloween costumes for so long was really his way of helping me find my awesome costume idea :)

is getting very excited about decorating for Christmas! We are heading out to get a tree and all that fun stuff in a while:)

How many times is it appropriate to say "What?" before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear what they said?

A bit mean...but damn funny Sarchasm : The gulf between the author of  sarcastic wit and the person who doesn't get it.

Happy Thanksgiving everybody! I'm thankful for friends to share Thanksgiving with:) Now time to make some yummy food to share later

had a great day with a wonderful friend and a wonderful evening with a great boyfriend. I'm one lucky girl:)

feels bad for my sick boyfriend. I know he feels really crappy 'cause he's sitting still and not playing videogames!

Fantastic day of hanging out with friends and doing some shopping:) Relaxing on the couch reading for a bit

is watching "The Proposal". *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*...even if the movie is crap it won't be a total waste:)

Is excited to have 2 more new books from Paperback swap but can't decide what to read now!

just had a wonderful chat with *PROPNAME* on the phone and is about to start making dinner:)

If *PROPNAME* San Diego and *PROPNAME* ever got together, their offspring would probably just be completely invisible.

did an hour long workout and now I'm trying to convince myself to vacuum the house.

accidentally clicked the wrong button on a page. Sorry for sending that farmville thing to everyone!