"and a britney song was on, and the britney song was on, and the britney song was on! so I put my hands up, they're playin my song, And the butterflys fly away, Noddin’ my head like yeah, Moving my hips like yeah" ~ oh yes, i went there!

I find it odd that we're all just chillin on top of these massive plates floating on crazy hot elements that collide and shift. and all the while we stress these teeny tiny things...that's a pretty big picture! may god bless the people in haiti!

i believe i can fly! woo! i believe i can touch the sky! think about it every night and day, spread my wings and fly away! i realllllly need something to do right now! lol

not to be a bitch but...if i hear about one more celeb dying from drug overdose i'm going to fing lose it...get it together and act like adults...ridic

ugh...in a class with mostly 18 year olds, cursing myself for not taking com 1 my freshman year when i could've copied off of someone! damn it...lol

"it's raining, it's pouring, my whole life is boring, because of yooouuuuuu!" - if anyone beside weezie can name this quote i will be plesantly surprised

*PROPNAME*: So... Saturday night, the big night. Date night. Saturday night, Sa-tur-day night! *PROPNAME*: No plans, huh? *PROPNAME*: Not a one. ~~HA HA HA HA HA!

trying something a little different...bringing in the new yar sober, hopefully it will be a reflection of the year to come! XOXO

oh time for little anna nicole to take a bath...i love when her little face gets more "concern" wrinkles! too cute!

Today is an off day... thank goodness it's almost over! maybe some gym time at around 7:30 or 8? anyone... anyone?

being where I'm from, agricultural labor should be much more interesting to me...but, ughhhhhhhh! definately narrowing down potential career paths!

we've all done things that we are ashamed of...if anyone saw kanye on leno tonight well...he's not sooooo bad. :-)

most of my eyecandy is gone...time for a new gym! p.s. lost my phone! holler at me on here!

mom: "so you're playing hard to get? me: "who's playin, I am hard to get!" LOL LOL LOL

oh yes its ladies night, and the feelins right! oh yes its ladies night, oh what a night...

why does everyone think the rain is time to play or walk extremely slow with their heads down....WTF!

skipped the gym today, but is willing to make up for it by dancing!! going to mix! WOO

note to self...do not eat curvy pickles...they will squirt you in the eye when bitten into too feverishly!

BEST TUESDAY EVER!!! done with dmv, getting my diploma in march, and getting off prob. early!!! YAY!

is getting ready to get crunk and party like its 1999! holla at a playa! LOL

my hangover + klonopin + gresy ass breakfast = festive events in me bed! :-)

s toenails look neon in the sun, but grungie in the shade...don't get yellow! LOL

1 pot of coffee + very little sleep = a spastic delirious pammy! wee

is waiting for the progressive man wishing she were at the gym! :-(

gonna go try bikram yoga for the first time! this should be interesting!

just realized how much she missed all the girls! love you guys! XOXO

back to school, back to school, prove to dad i'm not a fool...

i wish it was summer, i want to go on a boat.

why do i choose to embarrass myself every chance I get? ugh.

is shocked at her grades, not as bad as I thought!

just saw a flash of channy's face on a commercial! YAY!

looking like this is going to be another sleepless night...dang it

wishing away my weekend so I can watch Monday night football!

getting ready to stalk taylor marsh...any hints would be helpful! LOL

ummm...ouch...cool cousins christmas makes me worthless once again! best tradition ever!

should be studying but is being naughty! tisk tisk! LOL

Please fill out my survey at CA *PROPNAME* Survey Group!

is trying to find a movie to wath online...any suggestions??

ok...2 assignments and a midterm...then let the festivities begin! YAYYYYY!

suggests everyone see harry potter and bruno! both great movies!!!

oh sweet sweet monday, you treated me so well...

i got that boom boom pow! lol lol lol!

is sooo sick of douche bags! kick rocks bitches!!!!!

is sooooo excited to see Mu Sochua speak today!!!

ready for a new day after a disappointing evening!

I am officially addicted to twilight! books and all!

Out in Sacramento tonight! Starting at Badlands! WOO HOO!

is warm and blood free...oh sweet sweet life! lol

what is everyone doing tonight?? i'm so bored.....

new year...maybe some new hair...i'm thinking chocolatie brown!