apologises if he appears to be shouting or talking very loudly to people at the moment. He's getting used to talking to someone who is hard of hearing but keeps forgetting to talk normally to other people.

is no longer talking to *PROPNAME* - but not in a bad way. Just because it is impractical and expensive to talk on the phone continuously and because we both needed to do things.

Last night I went to a conference where the police were asking us to pray for them. Lets pray for the police and our communities. God moves when his people pray.

regrets that he might have to dispose of his pumpkin (*PROPNAME*) as he is becoming a little furry and wonders if giving him a quick shave might do the job

is excited about going to Sark! as, whilst he hasn't worked out exactly how long he has to wait, he knows he will be going soon!

may have just slipped over on the ice but thinks he got away with it by making it look like he was break dancing...

just went on a 4 mile run and even though he walked a very little bit of it he is very pleased with himself!

realised at around 5 last night that he had nothing to offer to trick-or-treaters so he made toffee... but then nobody came.

What a busy morning! We had a plumber, the cleaner a dog walker and the gardener all around all at same time!

knows that a burning smell isn't the best sign of good cooking and is thus going to turn the heat down

found that you can tell roughly where you are on the canal by the accents of the people who say hello!

has 1 essay left to write! and one to read through and amend where necessary! Then it is all gedonen!

is wondering how much tiffin cake he needs to eat to get one of his five a day fruit portions

used every piece of loo roll from one roll (obviously not in one sitting) for the first time ever!

Whoops... bought myself everything I needed for a cooked breakfast tomorrow morning but accidently ate it for lunch... :s

finds it highly amusing that we are currently bringing the milk inside to warm it up in the fridge!

is happy because he saw a lot of friends from Stafford on Saturday night and made a big bonfire!

Is it just me or does anyone else feel in the mood for an ABBA sing along session?

hasn't been outside yet today but is now going to post a letter to one lucky recipient!

thinks it is very cold to go out in shorts and t-shirt but is going running anyway!

thinks the Indians might be taking the humble food fight a little too seriously... http:////news.bbc.co.uk//1//hi//world//south_asia//8119591.stm

IS WORKING AWAY LIKE A WORKER ANT (PROVERBS 30:24-25) AND HAS THE CAPS LOCK ON!

Why doesn't social interview ask me any questions... I feel very left out. :(

has been put on hold but is enjoying (dancing to) the music! :D

is regretting eating so much chocolate as he is feeling a tad ill...

has just been stung by a bee and is in great discomfort

wants to know if anyone has borrowed an elf costume off him

thinks 3D glasses make the world a little bit more fun!

"twist it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby.."

has finished cleaning the kitchen! That's the second one this week!

is soon to become a member of the con club!! Whoop!

is fighting to make it to the table football semis

may have eaten a few too many sweets today...

has just attended his first parish council meeting!

no longer has a huge pile of washing

really can't be bothered with his last essay...

is off to practice being a shepherd

had a cooked breakfast this morning! mmm!

is about to start wrapping Christmas presents!

has a huge pile of washing!

doesn't know where anyone is!

is talking to *PROPNAME* :D

is moving yet more wood!

is heading home for Christmas!