just found the perfect internship - free housing, food stipend, working in a zoo for 40 hours a week getting a first hand look at all the veterinary stuff that I hope to be doing in a few years!!!!! :) I hope I get in!!!

can't believe it. I wore my favorite bracelet and ring to 3rd degree today. Real Turquoise and silver, and come home, to realize that I lost the stone in the bracelet!!! :'( if anyone has seen it, PLEASE let me know!!!!

drunk MSU fans when I was biking home after the game: "oh, band fag coming through" I don't like to swear, but I had to bite my tongue to keep from either flicking them off or just simply saying "FUCK YOU!"

today I saw an old woman walking across the bridge by Sparty. She was wearing a bright aqua colored shirt. Right behind her was a college guy wearing a t-shirt of the exact same hue. It made me smile! :P

is going to be reading textbooks for the rest of her life! :( only 1 chapter of neurobio left, then 2 chapters to catch up in Euk. Cell bio, and then 2-3 in Environmental Phys.... oh goodie... ://

JUST GOT THE BEST INTERNSHIP EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D I'll be spending 5 weeks this summer shadowing and learning from zoo vets at the Seneca Zoo in Rochester, NY!!!!! :D

Girl 1: Eeew! It's all blue and jiggly! Girl 2: I can't get it out! ~I heard this today in the *PROPNAME* cafeteria relating to.... jello! :P

Is not sure she wants to be done yet! GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!! I love my senior buddies! and I hope everyone's ready for a sob-fest!!!

was worried when she saw the new facebook layout page until she figured out how to get to Tetris! She is ridiculously addicted to that game! :P

now has pierced ears!! :) but I can't swim for 2 months!! :( sounds like I'm going to get to know the treadmill really well! :P

is frustrated and displeased with the way that the next few weeks are shaping up. Mail.msu.edu doesn't make the situation any better. I'm sending a complaint!

thinks she needs more spontaneity in her life! Last night was so much fun! going to UofM on a whim to see old friends! :D

hmmm....I uninstalled 1 tiny program and now I can do internet, and symantec works?! oh well, maybe my computer is not dying after all! :)

somehow has to BS 5 pages of scientific paper about a frustratingly inconclusive field project AND have sources to cite about it. FML

thinks that if she doesn't find a faster way to get all her reading homework done this semester, she will go crazy!!!! ://

tengo un gato!? if you know anyone who lives in Berrytree and has a black cat that is missing, I have her!!!

thinks her mondays, wednesdays, and fridays this semester are going to be awesome! :) Environmental physiology seems like a GREAT class!! :)

has a great night planned!! State of 5ths concert and then fun night with her favorite old roomie!! :)

is DONE with writing her paper! now I just have to edit it and start studying for finals! ://

came out to campus to study, and forgot headphones!! how am I supposed to memorize music without headphones!!? :(

Can't wait for today to be over! then I'll have an application mailed, and be off to Texas!! :)

is still waiting for mail.msu.edu, but is SO excited to move into her new apartment on Sunday!! :)

I sent the kitty home! it was kinda fun to have a kitty cat for a day! :)

finally has finished her paper! :) still needs to be edited, but at least it's done!! :D

has some pretty mighty senioritis, and apathy right now... BUT I bought a class ring today!!!! :D

thinks the best thing to ever happen to hot chocolate is *PROPNAME*'s special dark cocoa powder!!! :)

2 papers done! now time for the very last edits and a read-through by mommy! :)

tired tired tired, but come on out to the Dance Party at Sparty Watch tonight!!! 8-midnight!!

kinda hopes that her finals go as well as that game of tetris just did! :P

thinks she was sleepwalking last night"...I don't remember wearing this when I went to bed..."

thinks she may have to walk to class in the morning.... but still LOVES SNOW!!!!!!

hopes that this Evolution final goes as well as that tetris game did too! :P

thinks there should be more time in the day and that mail.msu.edu is stupidly slow!

one page left then editing! and 24 + hours till the paper is due! SCORE!!

you know I've been busy when I haven't played tetris in 3 days! :P

GO STATE!!!!!!! WOOT!!!!!!!!! SECOND YEAR IN A ROW!!!!!!!! nothing could make this day better!!!!

just realized how many projects//papers are due in the next 4 weeks! EEK!! :(

is home and not ready to be back in the real world yet! ://

IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!! IN KENTUCKY!!!!!!! I guess it's about time for our biennial snowstorm! :D

loves group projects! especially when I do 90% of the work! Awesome!..... NOT!!!

Just has to get to wednesday at 2:30 pm. then I'm home free!

bored bored bored.....not ready for thursday! I don't have 2 tunes memorized!!! :(

cookie dough + glee + packing to go home = a great afternoon!!!

likes the new Spartan football promo video! :) I'm exited for football season!

is back in EL, but not ready to start classes yet!! :(

Dinner with *PROPNAME* and then I'm finally getting my ears pierced!!!! :D

had a great weekend, but is not ready for classes tomorrow!! ://

auto tune the news - the best way to waste time!!! :P

Midnight Madness and then a few hours of sleep before Spartan Football!!

is on Kiawah Island having an amazing vacation with her favorite person!!