I just saw an...interesting...car commercial. According to said commercial, apparently "Twilight's *PROPNAME*" drives...a Volvo. A Volvo. A vampire...in a Volvo.* Wow...I didn't think that that character could get any lamer; I was wrong!  *No offense to Volvo owners, the cars are fine...but 'Mister (supposedly) SuperAwesome Vampire' driving one? LOL.

URGENT!!  Does anyone want to see SONIC YOUTH with DINOSAUR JR. TONIGHT at Terminal 5 in Manhattan (show starts 8 PM)??  Sean is sick and can't go so I have a FREE TICKET to the show, which is SOLD OUT otherwise.  If you're interested, drop me a text!! 631-714-9319.

I feel pretty spiffy today--befuddling my dad with random comments, doin' my weird acrobatics and dances, singin' wordless nonsense songs...alot better than medicated zombie Bev (though admittedly alot more absurd, LOL)!  Sure spices up the office though haha--as long as I don't careen into the conference table!  :D

Musta been, I dunno, sleep-spelunking or somethin last night-cos I woke up with a fucked up knee. I'ma try to rest this wkend & rid myself of the Mysterious Plague of Atlanta that drained me all week; wish there was a cure for excessive nihilism, though. *makes face*

Surreal night...I think I might've slept and just woke up every hour and lay awake for awhile before falling back asleep again--but conversely, I might've just lain awake and semi-insensible the whole night with periods of more awareness...not sure which!  Either way, I'm tired, but surprisingly decent otherwise!

Today's stream of consciousness: Hooray for comic books, poetry and nerds in general...forgot my phone at home today, blargh (couldn't reach me, that's why)...swamped at work...pretzels suck...missing NOLA (especially the Quarter) alot today for some reason..."the holidays" are annoying me already...Wikipedia is addictive...so is Facebook, gods help me...!

WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!  (She says as she continues to be nerdy on her couch. :P)  Veggin' can be good when you're having sillyfuntime! :D  ...Takin' a vote though: after cartoons, shall I play arcadey fighters, RPGs, or go old-school?  Narrowed it down that far, but...so hard to choose hehe!

Holy shit, the sky is falling: my dad actually CHEERED ME UP out of a tough spot for once!  Maybe he's learning!  Or maybe it was a fluke...either way, I feel a lot better now!  :)  Dammit someone find me a good yoga studio now, lol!

"*PROPNAME* could never have Superman's baby. Do you think her fallopian tubes could handle the sperm? I guarantee he blows a load like a shotgun right through her back...The only way he could bang regular chicks is with a kryptonite condom...but that would kill him!"

Me da is my hero right now...he found me some fucking NYQUIL!!  25 hours awake is waaaay more than enough (especially when I'm sick).  Going to go smoke with the ghost in the back of my head (heyy, random little-remembered song reference!).  GOODNIGHT FOLKS!!

just remembered a TV ad from her childhood in the 'glorious' south: horribly fat, hideous ANGELS with big ol' hair, Tammy-Faye-esque makeup, and (of course) heavy southern accents hollering "DON'T YOU BUY NO UUG-LY TRUUCK!" Cracked me up then, cracks me up now, HAHA!

My body may be a medical nightmare, but at least it leaves me hangover-free for some reason, hah!  Glad to see everyone last night...thanks all for the *loves* and for those who were kind in the face of my drunken overhonesty, oy.

Momentarily considered waxing poetic about the new year (one 'holiday' that is actually somewhat important to me), but it's all been said before, I'm sure.  Instead, I'm just gonna go get loads of sleep so I can enjoy tomorrow night's festivities wholeheartedly!

Almost forgot it was Sunday night...yay for new Venture Bros. eps!  (My preciousssss...)  But DUDE, who saw the Metalocalypse season premiere?  When that "surprise thing" happened I literally screamed in joy (woke up my dad, lol)!  Maybe semi-expected but still, WOOT!

My car no longer screeches like a banshee passing kidney stones...thanks, Mr. Mechanic!  In other news, my 'simple' cold is worsening by the hour and I'm feverish...and all of the home remedies and cold meds I try are for naught!  Bah!

doesn't get it--even when I get enough sleep, I run out of energy LONG before the day is over...what gives?!  This rampant exhaustion really puts a cramp on my life & times...and now I'm gonna go sleep some more.  Hmph!

Oy, Jiminator--this bring back any college memories, lol? "I got BLOOD on my hands and there's no remorse; I got BLOOD on my DICK cause I fucked a corpse..." When I hear it I think of you, haha! :D

About to go to bed so I can get up early to check out a car tomorrow morn...*crosses fingers* hope this one pans out; the longer I'm trapped, vehicleless, the more likely I am to go completely bloody mad!

I'm so pleased today I might start glowing! XD ...Hopefully more in a pleasant way than a radioactive way.  A new year is directly impending, YAY!!  Ecstatic for a symbolic fresh start// season of change, let me tell you!

*sneeze, cough, snort* Blech!  Trying that Airborne shit TONIGHT!  At least I'm getting the screechy car fixed today.  Now if I could only find gloves that match eachother...*wearing one black leather glove and one knit blue striped glove*

Dammit dammit I can't SLEEP!  Awake all night then tried to fall asleep for 4 hours.  At least if I had hypothermia I'd fall unconscious...hmm.  But that would require going outside...or, more importantly, moving.  Fuck that noise!

Soooo frickin' psyched for Atlanta.  Getting the fuck outta LI, seeing my superawesome folks, finally getting some proper southern food, and maybe even checking out Decatur nightlife & Williams Street...the word of the day is "YAAAYYYYY!"

Feelin' pretty lousy today...basically zombie-ing through work, and not in the fun way.  I feel like part of my brain is missing and has been replaced by canned air.  Bleah...Monday is definitely my least favorite day!

Ok...there are piles of "junk that isn't supposed to be on my desk" that keep getting bigger...while the things that are supposed to live on my desk are magically disappearing.  What fresh hell is this?!

"Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torment of man."--Friedrich Nietzsche ---------------------------------------- Yeah, fuck hope.  Let's try action!  Control what you CAN control.  Determination burns within me again.

2 people today mentioned that my Wall is disabled from being posted on...I didn't even know! Lol, changed it...post at will I guess. *shrug!* In other news...YAY CARTOONS! "YEEES, we have no// bananas// todaaaaayyy!"

Doing enough work to compensate for being in Atlanta Thursday & Friday...blehhhh.  (Still at work at frickin' midnight!)  But the trip, the company & the brief respite from LI will be soooo bloody appreciated.

Frisky Dingo makes my chest hurt...with laughing! I need to get Season 2 STAT. Damn, I would PILLAGE for some bourbon chicken right now! Glad *PROPNAME* is finally back in town...good times man! :D

I'm back from Atlanta, over 24 hours after I was s'posed to be...am worn the fuck out.  But had a great fuckin' time down there before the airtravel assraping!  So, yay to that! ;D

Sorry I had to bail so early on Sanctuary last night, folks...sick & tired does not a fun Bev make--sittin' in the corner like ol' granny watchin' the kiddies play outside! *scrunches nose*

It just occurred to me that two of my favorite songs are punk songs about gruesome abortions ("Bodies" by Sex Pistols and "Die of Shame" by Tilt)...man, I'm just not quite right, lol!

Feeling pretty good since the whole 'tweaking my outlook' kick I've been on...except for this sore throat//sniffles thing, geh. But I'll live...hey, drinking tea goes along with the zen thing anyway, lol.

It's insane how much time one has to spend on the telephone with basically everyone in Christendom after a big car accident...blahhhh...deliver me from being on hold all day! *glares at phone*

Hmm...it's hard to play 'find the smell' in your apartment when it's so cold that sniffing the air hurts!  But why the fuck does my place smell like a lawnmower anyway?!

I mean to go to bed early (to get over the Plague of Atlanta), and yet I end up staying up all night doing practically nothing.  Story of my life.  Hmph!

Hm...started the day out feeling ok, but now I feel like three-week-old leftovers molding in the back of a broken fridge in Hell...yes, a Hell-fridge. Guess work doesn't agree with me!

is checking her facebook a little more than she used to...but facebook still bombards her with more information than she has time to fool with!  Taking things at a glance.

Faring alright, I s'pose...just sore, and scouring the universe for used Toyotas & Hondas...  Need transportation, STAT!  Anyone with input on the car front, please comment!  Hope everyone's Halloween rocked...

might have contracted the rockin' pneumonia...but I hope I don't get the boogie-woogie flu--it sounds repulsive!  By the way, I hate that song. (No, I'm not sick...I'm just a weirdo!)

Getting out of the house, yay!  Going with 'Anon' (lol) to eat curry and hang out with folks or someodd.  Man, anywhere's better than being stuck at my stupid apartment!

Dear car battery: Why are you dead again?  What am I going to do with you?? (No, really--what am I supposed to do with it?)  You make me sad. ://

I try to keep my health complaints to others to a minimum these days, but...well, let's just say FUCK.  Sometimes I feel like being such a survivor is goddamned overrated.

Well...if my interactions and happenings of last night were any indication, 2010 may well be a pretty good year...but we'll see!  Happy new year, love y'all! :D

hates crying, hates her health (or lack thereof), hates snow, and hates Christmas and its trappings of tomfoolery.  Today has become a day of hate. *angry pout*

Had bad dreams last night, some sobering thoughts on my mind...yet I'm still in a good mood today.  I don't get it, but I'm not complaining!

Hopin' I'll sleep tonight! Went from one extreme to the other--sleeping all the time to not sleeping at all. What an unpleasant adventure this is being!

Holy sinus headache, Batman! *left eyeball, unable to take the 'pressure,' explodes out of skull, shoots across room, lands in file drawer under "O" for "Owwww"*

"And life is thorny, and youth is vain; And to be wroth with ones we love doth work like madness in the brain."--Samuel Taylor Coleridge

is doin' alright. Something I've come to realize: you can't depend on anyone ALL the time...but ALMOST all the time is a damn good percentage!

The Mighty Boosh is completely mad but completely awesome. It has soothed my disgruntled sadness with its peculiar brand of British inanity...and interpretive dance. *nodnod*