the Leonid meteor shower, with up to 5000 meteors a night this year, is peaking Monday night from roughly 11 pm until 4 am on Tuesday  :-D

spent the evening in an awesome blanket fort, has a thanksgiving potluck tonight, birthday dinner tomorrow, and crazy Canadian adventure over the weekend :D

While we might get two, the west coast will get 6 to 9, and my jealousy of Lake Effect Snows grows ever greater.

Should get in to Ithaca sometime before morning, and spend the rest of the weekend with amazing people and eccentric 3D models.

passed a family of ducks, two squirrels, a chipmunk, a raccoon, and a bassoonist on his way to the laundry room.

is Monsterballin' (*PROPNAME* is awesome!), then off to a weekend of rockin' out with siblings and relaxing in giant blanket forts.

is full up of memories of forested shrines, crashing beaches, and one very long, very windy road.

is always surprised at how many building materials are made from cyanide, formaldehyde, and uric acid.

has had an amazing and adventurous holiday, full of games and leftovers and hitchhiking.

Thank you, all, for you birthday wishes, and may the holiday bring you peace.

spent Monday night in a plie of leaves, 150 feet above Lake Superior.

is on his way to a wedding in the beautiful Peace Garden State.

will be fighting with computers continuously for at least the next week.

was chased by veloceraptors for a good hour, at least.

is settling down for the end of an amazing summer.

is watching the Perseid meteor shower the next two nights.

just wants to be settled in a great many things.

, unexpectedly, really enjoys waking up insanely early to work.

is well and festive and taking advantage of summer.

prioritizes the human over the applied, with mixed results.

is disorganized and excited for a weekend wedding adventure

is spending the holiday drifting down the Huron.

is jittery over tchnological complexity and impending deadlines.

is water-shedding it up and bonfireing it down.

needs to work on discipline, decisiveness, and time.

celebrated dusk with the bats of *PROPNAME*

needs to take fewer joys for granted

has three bucks, two bags, one me.

is designing a mausoleum.  Go Halloween.

in the final throes of Archland

is work, school, firepit, Manhattan, school.

is looking through West to East.

grows less responsible with time.