I am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :c Quote: I wish I was a kid again, because skinned knees are easier to fix then broken hearts.

super mingaw kaayu. :c since i have a lot of free time in my hands right now i'm plannin something nice for next year. well i hope (enter name here) finds it nice... heres to hoping. :c

"Banana cures your hangover. Hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. Bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects... Banana... bow"

Please pray for *PROPNAME* (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). She had an accident and she has blood-clot. She is currently undergoing operation at Cebu Doc Hosp. Thank you. [-from a reliable source.]

"Banana cures your hangover. Hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. Bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects."

"I believe in fantasies invisible to me In the land of misery I'm  searchin' for the sign To the door of mystery and dignity I'm  wandering down,  And searchin' down the Secret Sun..."

its hard to enjoy with other people when you know theres only one person you need to enjoy everything, its harder when that person wants to enjoy everything with someone else. :c

Please pray for *PROPNAME* (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). She had an accident and she has blood-clot. She is currently undergoing operation at Cebu Doc Hosp. Thank you.

cige go,. hehehe uie *PROPNAME* , european film festival sa ayala, maybe na.ai psyc related movies you could let your students watch. libre siya, first come first serve seating. :D

They say loving you gives pains and full of sacrifices But I'll rather take pains and lots of sacrifices than not to be love by you.

I am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :c

"Every treachery, great or small, begets a spirit that rages at the injustice. Given the opportunity, each will return that treachery to its owner tenfold."

there are battles you fight is silence because you know that speaking up, saying something or doing something. . will probably make you lose...

Car je étant pauvre ai seulement mes rêves. Je place mes rêves sur vos pieds, marche doucement pour vous marchent sur mes rêves.

eating a 3 day old burger,. yes ingana na jud ko ka desperado. GUTOM. P.S. Maynta di ma da.ot ako tiyan ani. :P

Le principe le plus profond de nature humaine est le désir ardent à être apprécié... Le besoin flambant pour un sentiment d'importance.

dili ko emo. gi mingaw ra ko nimo so mag drama2 ko. wla kai ma hemz kai kahibaw ko busy ka... *bow

¿?q ???? ??,?M ??? s???? ?sn???q ??? ?O pu???? ?? ??,no? ?sn???q ????S I p?no?S? ka jemma. nag emote2 sa ulan.

Pewter City Gym Rocks! (with grund type pokemon) hahaha. para nalang jud di ko mka huna2 ug di maayu nga butang.

hapit ko naligsan sa truck, usa ka dako nga truck, hapit ko naligsan sa dako nga truck sa CNU. hahaha :P

The deepest principle of human nature is the craving to be appreciated... the flaming urge for the feeling of importance.

(*gabi.e) lighting of the giant christmas tree, fireworks, dinner. = fun :) may the circumstances repeat itself again,. :D

i may not understand you fully but i learn something new about you everyday. thats all that matters. :D

love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind , and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.

ug sa dihang wla na koi duty for 3 days. hahaha ma.o na nah akong christmas break.

For all sad words of tongue        and pen, the saddest are these, "It might have been" :c

hold you in my arms. I just wanted to hold you in my arms. *PROPNAME*. :P

ni abot na jud sa point nga i'm actually dreaming about missing her. hahaha lol kaayu

For all sad words of tongue        and pen, the saddest are these, "It might have been"

not in the mood to do anything, pwede ra ko mu stay in a corner?

hold you in my arm, just want to hold you in my arms.

Lets align timeframes in view of a merger with mutual cross linking benefits.

i really thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) *sigh

Que blesse la chair purifie l'âme, ce que blesse l'âme fortifie la résolution.

bahala na. wla jud ko sure kung ma.o ba ni ako report. :(

i relly thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) *sigh

wahhhh,. di na ko. hurot na jud ako kwarta aning AI. huhuhu

Statistics show that people who have the most birthdays live the longest!

gonna give her a back scratcher for valentines. get well soon mum.

Suddenly i  am struck with a deep sadness. i dont understend... :c

"agay!" dugay na kaayu ko wla ka ingon ana nga word.

bored,. nag sayang2 nalang ko ug kwarta para lang na.ai mabuhat.

Statistics show that people who have the most live the longest!

just finished counseling report! :P 23 AI's to go. hahaha

humana ang class for the day. AI nasd ang himu.on.

na.a na jud koi beta key! salamat hans. :D *PROPNAME*

di na nako ma kaya. labad na kaayu akong ulo.

nakakuha na jud ko ug beta key! salamat *PROPNAME*. :D

good night. I hope tomorrow will be better. :c

the internet is soooooo slow. pirmi ko ma dc.