Gosh darn it!!!! I just saw a group of 5 Jehovah’s witnesses outside my neighbor's house!! That means they are on the way to my house! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home; now im going to have to argue with them.

fn bored!!! hi east bay!! where are my old friends??? im hanging out with a chem book all day. and to make things worse, there are no waves anywhere... losing my mind.

buying my flight to hawaii... yes, that is right brian. 7 days. that translates to getting a job as a cabana boy and never coming back to the mainland.

has an extra ticket to the Ducks// Sharks game tonight. section203 row M... only the best seats in the house. $26!! Plus you get to sit by me.

howard zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at UCLA tomorrow. Whos coming with me?

bout to surf under the golden gate!... before the surf is too huge. hi erik. im sitting next to you; wanna get breakfast?

frick! my chem class is filled up already and i need it or the next two years of my life is messed up!!!!!

going to the AFI rise against show tonight.  I have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723.

off to RISE AGAINST with gman and blade. you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks. you know youre jealous.

scored a rad position at HOAG hospital as a Clinical Care Extender. On my way to a masters in PA science! holler.

would be nice to get some good surf without having to drive allllll the way south; i mean it is my bday.

is now trained in changing adult diapers, moving from gurney to bed, and bathing patients. one more step closer to my MPA!!

total cost for books $310 via school website. I paid $44 for ALL of them on Amazon. How rad is that?!

better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time!!!! so mad right now.

finally found the chem class that i need!!! its in oakland... just enrolled and get to move back to Berkeley!!!!!!!!

has an extra Company of Thieves ticket for tomorrow night at the HOB. Lemme know if you want it!! $30

you down for some party bus action this friday to dive bars around the beach? let me know asap.

whats up with real estate REO agents lately?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks.

going out for the first time in a loong time and my only chance for a long time.

on my way to berkeley... im broke need to find an EMT job asap. Sent me $$$. thanks

if you know anyone that works for an ambulance company in the east bay, let me know!!!

can decided whether to be on the USA side or the CAN side for hockey??? leaning canada....

anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing GRE words?!!!! or stuff they can email me?

glad i got the flu vaccination. $30 to feel like i have the flu. well spent.

just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin. feels wrong.

yay! just got assigned to the Emergency Department for my next rotation at HOAG. super pumped.

practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought. haha

have an extra Company of Thieves ticket for next tuesday's show. who wants to go?

so happy to live in a country where you pay for your education. grand idea!

best week of surf, worst week for the company. dunno how to feel bout that.

T minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters... ill be old too.

3 days in a row of super fun surf!!!... should prob work sometime this week.

has extra tickets to KROQ almost accoustic Xmas... lemme know if u want them.

had the biggest week in my company's history and its only Tuesday! yay! www.cdmpropertypreservation.com

still dont get the point of the GRE.... who made up these fn words?

anyone know of a place where I can take a condensed organic chem class??

finishing two work orders today then camping tonight and surfing alllll day tomorrow! holler!

bored and over reading about emergency medicine... this shit can be depressing as hell!!!!

passed the national EMT exam; off to find a JOB!!! yaaaaay for money.

Cannot find episode 13 season 1 of MAD MEN!!! what the frick internet!

packing for the move back to berkeley. so pumped for some cheeseboard.

c'mon! couldnt there be a LITTLE SURF on my one day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

the new dexter was bulllshit!!! cant kill rita!!! im seriously sad.

2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft.and fair to good conditions.

back to school. on the path to becoming a Physician assistant.

best surf in a while. cant stop smiling. whos going tomorrow?

have an extra Tiger Army ticket for tomorrow night in Hollywood.

has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10//24. $26.

drove over 250miles throughout LA!! Just for work orders today. Sick.

on my way to berkeley!!!! cheese board here i come:)