has decided that the laws of physics must not apply to his project. one side takes 21.59 seconds to drain water to the other side. The other side takes fron 58.9 seconds to 80.4 seconds to empty. The same results happen over and over with no explanation

1 honest answer. you can ask me one question (send it to my inbox ) any question. NO matter how awkward it can be, I'll answer it honestly. There's no catch but I dare you to post this as your status and see what people ask you.

just got a shot in his ass for his headache, that works like how he imagines works like Vicodin for House's leg. Minus the addictive part that is. Basicly *PROPNAME* is in a good mood now that he isn't in pain.

just spent a half hour ductaping a tin can only to through it out. Then spent about an hour playing with ductape, and made pouch that he will never use. *PROPNAME* feels really cool right now. :)

riverside is a strange and wonderious, mostly strange, place were when you show up at noon you are required to murder avocados and eat dinner at 3:30. Merry Christmas world, i'm stranded with my family.

is watching reruns of House on Hulu. House rocks, and when he comes back in two weeks we will see how much worse the crazy people are when House goes at them.

thinks that sleep is a good idea and who ever invented sleep deserves a cookie. a big cookie. with chocolate chips. fresh from the oven. back to my point, sleep = good.

s head would explode if his skull wasn't being hammered on by numerious sledge hammers. needless to say my headache has decided over the counter painkillers only make it more angry.

just reliezed that devouring chinese food the night before a 6k test isn't the best choice of foods to have consumed if he wanted to do well on the test.

watched Transformers II with *PROPNAME*, has a neuro appointment tomorrow and can't find the headache log. Made pretty good pastries, will have them perfected when the next batch is made.

feels the need to say something deep and profound, but its very late and he is tired from his workout today. With those conditions this is the best he's got.

is exhausted, stressed, and is having an awarding winning bad luck streak in terms of things going his way. But for whatever reason was nominated for the homecoming courts.

just washed a paper plate so that he could use it for something else. It would have been easier to just grab a new one right next to him.

is going to be full of himself for no real reason for the next couple of hours. He also made really good chocolate chip cookies, from scratch by hand.

"I'm sorry, I'm about to lose you because I'm about to drive into a tunnel in a canyon on an airplane while hanging up the phone." - House

Black friday shopping+ *PROPNAME*= fun Black friday +waking up = 3hours of sleep Yet somehow am oddly awake even if i've already had a full day before noon.

has the systems for higher brain function and complex thought offline at the moment. We apologize for any incovience. (such as the spelling of this update)

s mind has decided to check out for a while. It left a note saying it should be back around 11 am tomorrow.

s sister ate 5x's more than he did, she is 5"5 and 112lbs, in her first sitting than he did the entire meal.

thank you world. Now if you don't mind, i'm going to get some sleep. Its a new decade, that makes us humans tired.

got his hair cut at 2 today. He just now hopes that he can replicate the hairstyle half as well as the stylist.

hung out at *PROPNAME*'s today, wrapping presents, then went to the park and played on the swing sets. Can anyone say awesome??

If you're wondering if I want you to, I want you to. So make a move, 'cause I ain't got all night.-Weezer

s brain feels tired. Stupid SAT making be sit in a room for 4 hours when it should only take 2 1//2

made the most amazing burritos for dinner and feels sad that he can't finish them and enjoy their great deliciousness anylonger...

was at UC yesterday and apologizes if he seemed a little out of it today. They gave him another pain shot.

saw pictures of his brain slice by slice. Has mild brain damage from his headaches and migraines, non-lethal so, !!!!!! happy!!!!!!!!!

is praying for a phone call from the doctors saying the neurologist accepted his referal and will see him soon.

"Its only illegal if you get caught, assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place"

"Its only illegal if you get caught, assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place"

"I just want you to know that I'm saying something brilliant. I'm just not explaining it very well."

"she only drinks coffee at midnight. when the moment is not right, and her timing is quite, unusual."

got to sleep in like an hour only to wake up at 4. Black friday shopping with *PROPNAME*!!

"You don't seem to annoy me as much as usaul, but are you sure thats a deficite??"

has the words "Merry Christmas" written in rope lights hung in the front window of his house.

is tired and his pupils are still dominating each respective iris. Can anyone say super night vision?

is excited that he was able to perdict the weather by properly interperting satilite imagery!!

is sad that he missed out on fun to go work for ~7+ hours

there are two kinds of people who sit around think about murder all day.

has probably, most likely, lost what ever symbolance of a mind he once held.

never relized how tiring it is to be social for exstended periods of time.

First day of school = tired + scared for when real work comes.

hears whale calls. Literally, there is a nature video playing in the backround.

is making better than sex cake. it better be, it certainly costs enough.

does all his status updates in 3rd person. This will likely never change.

"Just because I know everything doesn't mean I'll be telling you anything true."

Saw the Mouse Trap! It was positively amazing!!! Great work to everyone!!

woke up from sleeping over 13 hours about a 1//2 hour ago.

bets you can't guess what he is doing right now. Be appropriate.

I have my car back!! *does happy dance* No one witnessed that.