What a beautiful life... my family, my friends... amazing. If I could have one "genie in the bottle" wish, not including any kind of life extension, I think I would take perfect knowledge.  i.e., complete knowledge of everything already known and possibly knowable to the human mind (excluding future events)

Thanks to the beauty of anythingyouwantdelivery.com ... I have CallOfDuty4MW2 on the way right to my place right now, for just a small delivery charge (along with some Chipotle)... I've been hearing amazing things about it (best fps since Counterstrike)... and I might have to do a little gaming

read *PROPNAME*'s "Check Raising the Devil" in one sitting and enjoyed it.  An honest look into his life, and glimpse into the sometimes fun and sometimes dark side of vegas & gambling.  Also watching "The Universe" DVD set still... it's amazing.  If you lik

Out of the Main Event... my 11k didn't make it far into Day 2.  I've been playing cash games non-stop for the last two days though.  Probably going to play again today... Now that I'm out, planning to come to *PROPNAME*'s wedding

wow, I got d-r-u-n-k last night... hangover in full effect.  mike gets in today, and I think we are all going to the lake.  I might actually get a little sun... don't worry I'll have sunscreen =)

is chillin in Boracay at the Shangri-La.  This place is beautiful!  I just got out of farm country in the Philippines, and got massacred by mosquitoes.  Need a few days of sun and relaxation to recover.  =)

I think I just spent about 45 hours in the last week playing a video game.  Mass Effect 2 was awesome, but I am glad to have my life back.  Still hitting the gym hard.

thanks to my mom for an amazing feast... I just crashed out afterwards and caught up on 15 hours of sleep.  Now I'm up early in Poway and ready to go!  Who's out there???

did full-fledged bikram for the first time (a 90-minute class as opposed to the 60 minute classes i had already done)... and it was hard!  Damn, I feel great now though =)

wow... so many cool stories... boats r fun I'm now in Cannes for the tournament coming up in a couple days.  ... getting a little homesick, been gone almost 2 months

is back in vegas, ready to win the main event! ... not really b//c i'm never going to win a tournament.  hopefully I can take down a few $$$ anyways =)

is up and down in the WSOP cash games... and he just finished reading Brave New World by *PROPNAME* & Death by Black Hole by *PROPNAME*.  Both books were good.

is on a mission in the gym.  My body is changing daily, and I feel and think better then I have in a while.  Exercise: the only healthy drug!

just rolled out of bed, not sure what the plan for the day is yet.  but who really cares?  i'm just happy to be going along for the ride

finished Fooled by Randomness... it's an excellent book that I would recommend to anyone.  I'm now 80 pages into Chaos by *PROPNAME* and am enjoying it.  Go reading!

just went paintballing in SD... always a great time!  The bruises go away after a few days, but the memories of capping your friends last a lifetime.

is posting this from 30,000 feet above the surface of the earth, somewhere over nebraska in an airplane.  Wow, what an amazing world we live in!

back from vid's wedding.. it was a blast!  Congratulations to them both.  I am ready for some more high stakes gambling in Las Vegas.  One time!

is a relatively short stack going in to day 3 of the Bellagio 15k tourney... about to leave to go play now.

is a little sick of poker... been playing Fallout 3 a lot last few days instead of poker all day... =)

wow - i just played COD4MW2 all night with 3 buddies... I felt like I was back in college

does not know anything about the destruction of any RVs outside of Las Vegas in the desert.

has started doing Hot Yoga, and really enjoys it.  I think I'll make it a habit!

has left the country.  Enough poker at the WSOP, time to travel around a bit!

taking care of last minute business... because tomorrow I'm going to Brazil =)

current favorite song: Chainside - I Would Die For You (Club Mix)

what a night last night... my liver took one for the team

back in Vegas... time to make Victory Poker a reality

is leaving Manila in a few hours for Nice, France...

is finally in Brazil after 2 whole days of travelling

15k at bellagio today... off to the races

is playing the main event today, day 1B

wow... mass effect 2 just arrived.  //life

back in San Diego for xmas

feels like doing things is hard.