"Jätkät hei, mä lähen meneen ny ihan oikeesti" "Hei Ankku hei, ennen ku lähet ni kato mitä mä toin sulle" "Ei jumalauta, hyvännäkönen. Siis eiks tää oo siis...." "On on, sixpack, kyllä" "Eihän sun ois tarvinnu hyvä mies, sitä paitsi meill' on noita väkeviä" "Nii nii, mut aamuks!"

I don’t wanna bike or fishing pole, I just wanna submarine. I’m gonna keep it in a swimming pool, Gonna keep it nice and clean. I don’t want a fucking pogo stick, I just wanna submarine. Fucking pedal car can suck my dick, Where’s my fucking submarine?

"Say one, more word, I double dare you, BRING IT ON! Its my world, you're in it, It'll take you down in a minute. You can alter your look, and diversify your race, but the truth seems like, a bitch slap In Your Face!"

Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.

If an infinite number of rednecks riding in an infinite number of pickup trucks fire an infinite number of shotgun rounds at an infinite number of highway signs, they will eventually produce all the world's great literary works in Braille

I want to reconcile the violence in your heart. I want to recognize your beauty is not just a mask. I want to exorcise the demons from your past. I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart. ?

What? … The Carthaginians are attacking? God, I knew they'd do that. What? … They are attacking over the Alps? Damn, I knew they'd do that. What? … They're coming on elephants? … Where'd they get the elephants? There aren't any elephants in Europe.

Life is like a Grapefruit. It's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and squidgy in the middle. It's got pips inside, too. Oh, and some people have half of one for breakfast.

"Today, I was thinking about the expression 'revenge is a dish best served cold'. Then I considered that 'revenge is sweet'. I've come to the conclusion that revenge is ice cream. MLIA"

Will the various owners of: A silver iPod Mini, a Blue Hoodie, a red scarf and a stick on moustache, please let me know who owns what, so I can return things.

The way we were, The chance to save my soul, And my concern is now in vain.  Believe the word, I will unlock my door, And pass the cemetery... gates

I don't want to die now. I've still got a headache. I don't want to go to heaven with a headache, I'd be all cross and wouldn't enjoy it

"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it."

His destructive programming is taking effect. He will be irresistibly drawn to large cities, where he will back up sewers, reverse street signs, and steal everyone's left shoe.

"Clubbers in the North of England have taken to using dental syringes to inject Ecstasy directly into their mouths." "This dangerous practice is known as 'E by gum!'"

Some people are like Slinkies. They don't really have a purpose, but they still bring a smile to your face when you push them down the stairs.

There's no one like you. I can't wait for the nights with you. I imagine the things we'll do, I just wanna be loved by you. ?

Those who died are justified, for wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites. You justify those that died by wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites

For a large part of the 20th Century, Communism tried to destroy Capitalism. Now in the 21st Century, the Capitalists are showing them how it's done!

has just now watched the first ever Tom & Jerry cartoon. From before they were actually called Tom and Jerry. How very awesome was *PROPNAME*.

I am going to call my kids Ctrl, Alt and Delete. Then if they mess up I will just hit them all at once.

"Welcome to your new, simplified home page." How the fuck is it simplified? They've just piled all the shit possible onto to page...

I don't know how they did it, but Tom and Jerry have just managed to make Drowning Kittens in a sack, funny.

Quote from a Christian Fundementalist idiot: "Can you prove your point or are you just going to spout out evidence all day?"

I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.

Yesterday I discovered that it's almost impossible to tell the difference between a very heavy Scouse accent...        ...and French

Tennis is a fickle sport. No matter how good you are at it, a wall will always be better.

"Wait, people weren’t the first mammals?" *pauses* "Oh, no, of course.  The dinosaurs were here before us!"

A bag o' weed, A bag o' weed. Oh, everything is Better with a bag o' weed.

is Watching *PROPNAME* XY instead of doing the mass of Computing I have to do for tomorrow.

Everyone drank all the beer, all the spirits, But the one can of strongbow still remains!

"Oh hi; I'm here from the Internet.", "What are you doing!?", "Gluing Captions to your cats."

XD. Penguin is one of few English words with Welsh Origins, It means White Head.

is afraid of getting raped in the woods by a bear in a clown suit.

has just watched The Shawshank Redemption and is about to watch Pulp  Fiction. Excellent Night.

Fuck Yeah! Wales have won, and I quite enjoy the irony of celebrating with scotch.

I feel I must concede Defeat on this matter. *PROPNAME* is definately not Short.     (HONEST!)

Fuck. My left arm is alseep. I can't move my it from the wrist down.

If you stick with a Rubik's Cube long enough, all the sides end up Red.

5 'A*'s, 5 'A's, 2 'B's. (For people who I haven't talked to yet.)

Just found a dead wasp in a bottle of conditioner. WHAT THE FUCK!!!

Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.

I generally dislike *PROPNAME*. I do not find his form of "Comedy" Amusing.

Of all my 80,000,000 ancestors, one of them MUST be Winnie the Pooh.

loves how Facebook forces everyone to refer to themselves in the Third Person.

has made plans to soak Gummy Beas in Vodka, so they swell up.

Excellent. All of the new A7X album's Drums will be The *PROPNAME*'s Handiwork.

Dolphins can see the future with perfect clarity. That's why they're always screaming!

Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll fuck you with a rake.

*PROPNAME* can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.