loved The Princess and the Frog...I almost cried! Finally at age 24 I get to see a Disney Princess on the big screen, and it was so special to me...I just ? this movie! *PROPNAME* you are the perfect date! xoxoxox

is addicted to *PROPNAME* biographies...don't ask me about her unless you have like 30 minutes to listen to me rave about how much I love her...I am so obsessed with her life story! Such an interesting person!

just started reading "Blonde" by *PROPNAME* (a fictional biography of *PROPNAME*). It's one of those books that all day you are just dying for the opportunity to read a little more...oh how I love books

Looking for someone who knows Latin, lives in the Palo Alto area, and wants to teach a small Latin II class (2 hours in the a.m., 3 times a week) for $27// hour.

Last night I dreamt that I was a real housewife of ATL, and NeNe was trying to start some drama with me! I was ready to fight her! Then I woke up...

when I have my own classroom, I will have a giant NO WHINING sign on the wall and every time a kid whines I'm just gonna point to it

I can't wait until my custom-designed Flip Mino camcorder with the pink butterflies on it gets here!! Friends, prepare to be filmed...I'll be going crazy with this thing

just finished the CSET. didn't think it was that hard, which either means I bombed it or I nailed it. We shall see...now I am napping :-)

I like *PROPNAME*'s designs a lot, but she's such a b*tch I kinda of don't want her to win Project Runway! I vote for Althea...she's adorable

did 45 minutes of dance, 8 minute abs, 8 minute buns, stretching, dog walking...NOW I can relax, watch Jersey Shore reunion and eat ice cream! :-)

decided I'm going to start reading the Sookie Stackhouse books. I NEED a new vampire story to distract me from the craziness of my real life

excited For the Love of *PROPNAME*...now I have a new trashy reality show to enjoy on Monday nights! Why do I find these shows so entertaining??

is thankful for everyone and everything. My life is beautiful and I am such a lucky girl. ? & ?...Happy Thanksgiving! Love you all!

language arts center @ Oak Knoll, lunch with Mom, GYM time, then I'm watching all the shows I DVRd this week. Yay Friday :-)

re-arranged all the furniture in my room today to make way for the pole. I love re-arranging furniture, it makes me feel so accomplished!

just booked a flight to LA this weekend, and paid a whopping $13.20 roundtrip, thanks to an eVoucher from my mom. Thanks Mom!! :-)

I ? to Christmas shop! I just wrapped all my presents and put them under the tree...can't wait for my family to open them!

one of my students has a pink graphing calculator, and I am a little jealous...6 years ago they did not come in pink :(

is really really sore from dance yesterday! I can't wait for my muscles to get stronger so I can do more crazy stuff

happy I was able to squeeze in a 30 minute pole workout before tutoring and class today...I'm proud of myself! Gettin stuff done!

I like my horoscope today: "It's the time to play. Why play halfway? Go ahead. Have the fun you're after. All of it."

I LOVE the Build-A-Bear Workshop! I know it's technically for little kids...but I had so much fun trying outfits on my bunny!!

passed all 3 subtests of the CSET in one go, and I never even did a practice test. I AM AWESOME.

can officially play The Eagles, Please Come Home for Christmas, without feeling off-season. I love that song! Happy holidays everyone :-)

do not EVER book your trips through Travelocity...they tried to charge me three times for the same booking!!! GRRRRRRRR

is going to need a lot more upper body strength if I ever want to be a pole dancer

“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” *PROPNAME*

had a super fun sleepover with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* last night! Next time we'll do pole vids and photoshoot!

had the craziest vivid dream that I was pregnant. So weird!! Dream interpretation says this is a good symbol...

so excited for pole class tonight! Making a pole playlist, just for fun. Newest addition: Criminal - *PROPNAME*

is all tricked out...dang that pole class was hard!! All the more reason to go back next week...

super excited for: ? dinner tonight w// *PROPNAME*? manicure today ? pole dance workout class tomorrow ? Halloween!!

this is the last Sunday I have to work. Yess! Weekend getaways here I come...I'm thinking LA...

Avatar is my new favorite movie of all time!! So awesome! ? Neytiri...seriously the prettiest alien ever

studying in the morning, teaching after noon, then class till 10pm...I feel like my day is backwards

was disappointed that *PROPNAME* was not in the Victoria's Secret fashion show...girl is my favorite :(

drinkin a V8...the taste is growing on me, I no longer feel like I'm drinking soup

Traffic makes me SO angry...but I don't know who to be angry at! Grrrr so frustrating!!

Merry Christmas Eve! Being a good girl today, going to the gym and then church! ?

spending the next few hours reading about Language Arts framework, consonant digraphs and vowel diphthongs...yay...PSYCH!! :(

is thinking of doing BOTH Stairmaster//booty exercises AND Tricked Out Pole class tonight. Workout obsessed!!

finally got a chance to watch The Bachelor episode 3...omg that *PROPNAME* girl was psycho!!

made my 1st iMovie! My fave clips of me dancing to Aerosmith "Crazy"...haha :)

can't wait for the True Blood premiere ? I'm so into vampires right now

is excited for *PROPNAME*'s Birthday! Don't forget your one dollar bills girls!! Haha :)

ok I think I worked out too much today...everything hurts...but I had fun! :)

M.I.A. until I finish my projects, tests and CSET this Saturday! Work work work...

got a new shampoo//conditioner and I'm excited to shower so I can try it!

cannot WAIT to pet a dolphin. Are they as slimy as they look??

can't wait for class tomorrow. I ? the 1st day of school :)