saw HP6... funny, lots of awesome awkward silences, but the scriptwriter needs to have his fingers broken. Not only did they achieve new and improved levels of editing important plot elements out, but they are getting increasingly more creative with the n

apparently the mysterious "*PROPNAME*", who allegedly works for my company decided to order more stuff for me from some office supply company. I'm supposed to get 4 more packages tomorrow... hmmmm.... i almost have enough to build an epic fort!!!

just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for?

can't handle reading any more crap about Barbies and other competing brand dolls!!! This is ridiculous - the only thing making me feel a little more manly is the beer in my hand...

finally caught up on sleep :D now off to rake more leaves and then lose sleep yet again while studying accounting - call me if ur bored, i'll be up late...

gonna be at the library til late, then at the Prez's house even later. txt or facebook if need anything - call if being killed...

ATTENTION EVERYONE!!! Vote for the short "AFTER HOURS" to support *PROPNAME* - our local Michigan talent and a wonderful person. Repost please!!! http:////www.thirteen.org//sites//reel13//category//vote//

stupid people are stupid and Beverly Hills Police is at it's best as usual... ( *PROPNAME* needs to call me!!!)

As much as I like our family's mechanic, I really wish we'd stop giving him so much business... :(

LMAO: (512): you kept spraying the cat with water and then telling it to "man up" when it cried

gets overly excited when pressing the wrong buttons on the keyboard causes the discovery of a new shortcut :)

I've done it - i procrastinated enough by playing Bejeweled Blitz to cause it to go offline. MLIA

second half of the day got snowed in - gonna take a nap and then be productive :)

is potentially going to be pulling an all-nighter. feel free to txt to keep me entertained//awake...

EPIC:  Today while walking on campus I saw three people riding a motorized couch.  Random?  MLIA.

well.... expected returns are like "oh, it's just you..." but unexpected returns are like "WHOA!!!"

listening to some VERY odd combinations of music and blames the late hour for it...

cannot wait to pass out - too bad that's not gonna happen til friday night...

First day of school done! finances are going to be the end of me...

is rather looking forward to the holidays because of his potential whereabouts during that...

will probably be up all night - feel free to txt or chat...

is tired and for some reason is looking forward to classes starting...

Saturday was easily one of the best days of my entire LIFE!!!

WOW!!! I just spent 20 minutes reading just this one strip... http:////xkcd.com//657//

can't believe how much food and beverages were consumed last night...

got to play with fire in front of a crowd... YAY!!!

considers himself to be one of the luckiest men EVER!!! ^_^

is stuck on Band-Aid brand, cuz Band-Aid's stuck on me!

would love to sleep, but *PROPNAME* writes too damn well!!!

is looking forward to eating his body weight tomorrow :)

will have too many notifications at the next log in...

kindly thanks everyone who wished him a happy birthday!

is excited for relaxing a little bit tonight :)

has GOT to stop waking up at 1pm...

4 school days left until winter break!!! YAY!!!

got home today. Up north was GREAT!!!

Ren Fest with rain - Still good!!!

Need to re-learn my patterns again... awesome...

Just going to grab some raw fish................

loves the Pirate English version of Facebook!!!

2 months of hell yet again... FML

wishes it was December 17th sooner :(

acquired 6 brothers and sisters today...

can't wait til thursday again... <3

OMG!!! THE SUN IS TOOOO LOUD!!!!!!!!

is in love with Ren Fest...

is not feeling exactly top-notch...

can't wait til thursday... <3

Happy New Year, Facebook denizens!!!