If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain; If I can ease one life the aching, Or cool one pain, Or help one fainting robin, Unto his nest again, I shall not live in vain. - *PROPNAME*

Nothing quite like going to the park and seeing a vulture munch on a gutted squirrel, turn to look at you, and precede to empty its bowels with a loud *squirt*

Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us. -- *PROPNAME*

saw a homeless guy on the side of the road holding up a sign that said "Why Lie, Need Beer". Picture to be uploaded soon!

This Coq au Vin recipe calls for 2 full bottles of wine to go into the sauce. Gotta love the French! :)

is quickly learning that when making a French dish to be prepared to pour whole bottles of wine into the sauce lol

"Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let *PROPNAME* be! and all was light!" - *PROPNAME*

"If you wish to make an apple pie truly from scratch, you must first invent the universe." - *PROPNAME*

"The whole purpose of religion is to facilitate love and compassion, patience, tolerance, humility, forgiveness." --H.H. the Dalai Lama

is excited for being able to spot the Summer Triangle. Not to be confused with the Bermuda Triangle.

Houston, the fourth largest city in the U.S., has elected its first openly gay mayor *PROPNAME* :)

is still recovering from shock after seeing my 7th grade science teacher at a certain bar

It is so heartbreaking watching a loved one deal with the progression of Parkinson's disease :(

"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." -*PROPNAME*

Undecided about seeing "The Fourth Kind" after reading a ton of horrible reviews on it...

"On the sixth day, God created man. On the seventh day, man returned the favor."

"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive" - Dalai Lama

Cheesecake turned out amazing! Almost as fun to eat as it was to make :)

Looking forward to going up in a hot air balloon above Discovery Green :-)

A good friend passed away suddenly this morning. Keeping her in my thoughts.

Saw avatar in 3D, it was awesome! Go see it everyone :)

About to make a triple layer chocolate mousse torte for tomorrow :)

Ice skating in Houston = Melted ice and rain...still fun however :)

just learned from Wikipedia what Gropecunt Lane is, and is somewhat abashed.

Very disappointed that the NY legislature voted against legalizing gay marriage.

Had a great birthday dinner at Carraba's with family :-)

It's projected to snow 3-5 inches tomorrow in Houston! :)

enjoyed looking at $110,000 pianos with *PROPNAME* yesterday :)

watched the movie 'Saved' this weekend and loved it!

is excited about making a chocolate mousse torte. :)

Keeping the people of Haiti in my thoughts

I made my first bouquet garni today :).

is enjoying talking to random people on omegle.com

is now addicted to Mafia Wars. Thanks *PROPNAME*!

Mexico City legalized gay marriage and adoptions! =)

is baking a cherry pie from scratch :-)

My new favorite word is Weltanschauung :-)

Excited about seeing the Nutcracker tomorrow :)

I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving!

Why does Facebook think I speak Dutch?

*PROPNAME*'s cheesecake shake makes me happy :-)

Starbuck's Caramel Apple Spice = <3

I <3 House of Pies! :D

is looking forward to *PROPNAME* tonight.

enjoys reading *PROPNAME*'s facebook status updates.

Home alone on TV :)

I've got yellow fever! :p

Memento is a trippy movie!

Happy National Coming Out Day!

Mono is no fun :(